http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_158266	Huntington disease-like syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308459	Disorder of glycolysis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309789	Rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309796	Rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308463	Disorder of fructose metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206428	Hypoxanthine-guanine phosphoribosyltransferase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261272	17q12 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261279	17q23.1q23.2 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308467	Disorder of galactose metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_307141	Diffuse palmoplantar keratoderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308473	Erythrocyte galactose epimerase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206436	Infantile Krabbe disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171220	Rectal duplication
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261265	17q12 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_248296	Constitutional deficiency anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206448	Adult Krabbe disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206443	Late-infantile/juvenile Krabbe disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308442	Vitamin B12-responsive methylmalonic acidemia, type cblDv2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231401	Alpha-thalassemia - myelodysplastic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_31112	Dermatofibrosarcoma protuberans
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261250	16q24.3 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308448	Aminoacylase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309778	Defect in V-ATPase
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261257	Distal 17p13.3 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_109	Bannayan-Riley-Ruvalcaba syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308451	Disorder of neutral amino acid transport
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_107	BOR syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_105	Atresia of urethra
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_104	Leber hereditary optic neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_103	Genetic optic atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101	Dentatorubral pallidoluysian atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100	Ataxia-telangiectasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171201	High anorectal malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_119	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2E
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_118	Beta-mannosidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_116	Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_115	Congenital contractural arachnodactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_114	Auriculoosteodysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171208	Intermediate anorectal malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_113	Bazex-Dupré-Christol syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_112	Bartter syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_111	Barth syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_110	Bardet-Biedl syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98249	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308425	Methylmalonic acidemia due to methylmalonyl-CoA epimerase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171215	Low anorectal malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_127	Borjeson-Forssman-Lehmann syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_126	Blepharophimosis - epicanthus inversus - ptosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_125	Bloom syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_124	Blackfan-Diamond anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_123	Björnstad syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_122	Birt-Hogg-Dubé syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98257	Neonatal epilepsy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98259	Childhood-onset epilepsy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98258	Infantile epilepsy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139	CHILD syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_138	CHARGE syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308400	Sulfite oxidase deficiency due to molybdenum cofactor deficiency type C
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137	Congenital disorder of glycosylation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_69723	Tyrosinemia type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_136	CADASIL
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_31150	Tangier disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_135	CACH syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_31153	Hypoalphalipoproteinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_134	Ketoacidosis due to beta-ketothiolase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_132	Butyrylcholinesterase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_31154	Hypobetalipoproteinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_130	Brugada syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261295	20p12.3 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98267	Genetic non-syndromic obesity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261290	Trisomy 17p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98260	Adolescent-onset epilepsy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_43115	Hereditary myopathy with lactic acidosis due to ISCU deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308407	Disorder of beta and omega amino acid metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98261	Progressive myoclonic epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_69739	Athabaskan brainstem dysgenesis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_69737	Bosley-Salih-Alorainy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_69735	Hypotrichosis - lymphedema - telangiectasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_148	Multiple carboxylase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308410	Autism-epilepsy syndrome due to branched chain ketoacid dehydrogenase kinase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_147	Carbamoyl-phosphate synthase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_145	Hereditary breast and ovarian cancer syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_144	Hereditary nonpolyposis colon cancer
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_141	Canavan disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140	Campomelic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79118	Neonatal diabetes - congenital hypothyroidism - congenital glaucoma - hepatic fibrosis - polycystic kidneys
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319195	Chondroectodermal dysplasia with night blindness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352577	Severe feeding difficulties - failure to thrive - microcephaly due to ASXL3 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319199	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 53
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261204	16p11.2p12.2 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93421	Type 2 collagen-related bone disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93420	FGFR3-related chondrodysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79113	Mandibulofacial dysostosis-microcephaly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319192	Diencephalic-mesencephalic junction dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93429	Multiple epiphyseal dysplasia and pseudoachondroplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93426	Short rib dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93425	Filamin-related bone disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93424	Perlecan-related bone disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93423	Sulfation-related bone disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93422	Type 11 collagen-related bone disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79107	Developmental malformations - deafness - dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352587	Focal epilepsy - intellectual disability - cerebro-cerebellar malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79106	Eiken syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79100	Atrophoderma vermiculata
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93430	Multiple metaphyseal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79102	Thyrotoxic periodic paralysis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79101	Hyperprolinemia type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352582	Familial infantile myoclonic epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93439	Bent bone dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93438	Mesomelic and rhizo-mesomelic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93437	Acromesomelic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93436	Acromelic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93434	Spondylodysplastic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352596	Progressive myoclonic epilepsy with dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93443	Neonatal osteosclerotic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93442	Chondrodysplasia punctata
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93441	Primary bone dysplasia with multiple joint dislocations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93440	Slender bone dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319171	Distal 17p13.1 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93449	Primary osteolysis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93448	Lysosomal storage disease with skeletal involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93447	Primary bone dysplasia with defective bone mineralization
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363245	Genetic progeroid syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93446	Primary bone dysplasia with decreased bone density
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_57782	Mazabraud syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93444	Primary bone dysplasia with increased bone density
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_364577	Intellectual disability-brachydactyly-Pierre Robin syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_364571	Dysostosis with limb and face anomalies as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_364574	Acrofacial dysostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319189	Familial cortical myoclonus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93454	Dysostosis with predominant vertebral and costal involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93453	Dysostosis with predominant craniofacial involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93451	Cleidocranial dysplasia and isolated cranial ossification defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93450	Primary bone dysplasia with disorganized development of skeletal components
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319182	Wiedemann-Steiner syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93459	Syndrome with synostosis or other joint formation defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93458	Non-syndromic polydactyly, syndactyly and/or hyperphalangy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93457	Non-syndromic limb reduction defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93455	Patellar dysostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79159	Isobutyryl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79158	Cerebral organic aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79155	Encephalopathy due to hydroxykynureninuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79154	2-aminoadipic 2-oxoadipic aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79157	2-methylbutyryl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79156	Seizures - intellectual disability due to hydroxylysinuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79151	Acrokeratosis verruciformis of Hopf
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261243	16p13.11 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79150	Linear and whorled nevoid hypermelanosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79153	Autosomal dominant nail dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79152	Disseminated superficial actinic porokeratosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79147	Familial reactive perforating collagenosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79149	Dermochondrocorneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79144	Congenital onychodysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261236	16p13.11 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79143	Congenital anonychia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79146	Familial progressive hyperpigmentation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79145	Dowling-Degos disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79142	Familial Dupuytren contracture
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79141	Hereditary painful callosities
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319160	Congenital myopathy with internal nuclei and atypical cores
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_275872	Frontotemporal dementia with motor neuron disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79137	Generalized epilepsy - paroxysmal dyskinesia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79136	Episodic ataxia type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79133	Focal facial dermal dysplasia type I
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79132	Sparse hair - short stature - skin anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79135	Episodic ataxia type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_307148	Isolated diffuse palmoplantar keratoderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79134	DEND syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261222	Distal 16p11.2 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93406	Syndactyly type 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93405	Syndactyly type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93404	Syndactyly type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93403	Syndactyly type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308487	Generalized galactose epimerase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261229	14q11.2 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93402	Syndactyly type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93400	Congenital sialidosis type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_275864	Behavioral variant of frontotemporal dementia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93409	Brachydactyly-syndactyly, Zhao type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79129	Trichodysplasia - amelogenesis imperfecta
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79124	Hepatic veno-occlusive disease - immunodeficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261211	16p11.2p12.2 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_52901	Isolated follicle stimulating hormone deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363294	Genetic syndromic Pierre Robin syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_213524	Hereditary site-specific ovarian cancer syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79195	Sterol biosynthesis disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79194	Disorder of serine or glycine metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280365	Autosomal codominant severe lipodystrophic laminopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79197	Disorder of branched-chain amino acid metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79196	Disorder of the gamma-glutamyl cycle
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1997	Blepharo-cheilo-odontic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1995	Cleft lip - retinopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1993	Pai syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79188	Peroxisomal beta-oxidation disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79187	Disorder of peptide metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79189	Peroxisome biogenesis disorder-Zellweger syndrome spectrum
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79183	Disorder of ketone body metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79186	Disorder of pentose phosphate metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_213517	Familial ovarian cancer
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79185	Disorder of ornithine or proline metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79191	Disorder of purine metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79190	Disorder of phenylalanin or tyrosine metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79193	Disorder of pyrimidine metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280379	Erythropoietic uroporphyria associated with myeloid malignancy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79192	Disorder of pyridoxine metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352629	16q24.1 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_51636	WHIM syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352636	Phalangeal microgeodic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79177	Gluconeogenesis disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280384	Recessive intellectual disability - motor dysfunction - multiple joint contractures
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79179	Disorder of glycerol metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79178	Glucose transport disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79173	Disorder of methionine cycle and sulfur amino acid metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79172	Disorder of creatine biosynthesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79175	Disorder of gamma-aminobutyric acid metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79174	Disorder of fatty acid oxidation and ketone body metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100932	Nuclear oculomotor paralysis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79181	Disorder of histidine metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_51608	Generalized arterial calcification of infancy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79169	Disorder of neurotransmitter metabolism and transport
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352641	Autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia with late-onset spasticity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79166	Disorder of amino acid absorption and transport
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79168	Disorder of bile acid synthesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79167	Disorder of urea cycle metabolism and ammonia detoxification
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79161	Disorder of carbohydrate metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79163	Classic organic aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79171	Disorder of cobalamin metabolism and transport
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_189439	Primary pigmented nodular adrenocortical disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352649	Brain dopamine-serotonin vesicular transport disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352657	Hereditary benign intraepithelial dyskeratosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294967	Amelia of upper limb
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294965	Lethal congenital contracture syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293633	PYCR1-related De Barsy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352654	Early-onset progressive neurodegeneration - blindness - ataxia - spasticity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294969	Amelia of lower limb
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93465	Lethal chondrodysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93460	Overgrowth syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88949	Autosomal dominant medullary cystic kidney disease without hyperuricemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100998	Autosomal dominant spastic paraplegia type 17
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88940	Pseudohypoaldosteronism type 2C
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100997	X-linked spastic paraplegia type 16
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280325	Distal monosomy 12p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363306	Genetic intestinal disease due to fat malabsorption
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100999	Autosomal dominant spastic paraplegia type 19
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363300	Genetic intractable diarrhea of infancy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100994	Autosomal dominant spastic paraplegia type 13
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100993	Autosomal dominant spastic paraplegia type 12
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100996	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 15
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100995	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 14
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1955	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 34
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100990	Autosomal dominant spastic paraplegia type 9
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1956	Erythromelalgia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1954	Congenital lethal erythroderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100991	Autosomal dominant spastic paraplegia type 10
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1951	Epilepsy telangiectasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294963	Popliteal pterygium syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1952	Pacman dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294977	Congenital absence of thigh and lower leg with foot present
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294975	Congenital absence of upper arm and forearm with hand present
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352665	9q21 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352662	Corneal intraepithelial dyskeratosis with palmoplantar hyperkeratosis and laryngeal dyskeratosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294979	Congenital absence of both forearm and hand
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93476	Hurler-Scheie syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93474	Scheie syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93473	Hurler syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280333	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2P
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88939	Pseudohypoaldosteronism type 2B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88938	Pseudohypoaldosteronism type 2A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363314	Genetic intestinal polyposis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1962	Exostoses - anetodermia - brachydactyly type E
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293642	Blepharophimosis-intellectual disability syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294973	Humeral agenesis/hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294971	Tetra-amelia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294988	Congenital absence/hypoplasia of thumb
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294986	Apodia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352675	X-linked Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1979	Lipodystrophy due to peptidic growth factors deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88924	Autosomal dominant polycystic kidney disease type 1 with tuberous sclerosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352670	Autosomal dominant intermediate Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type F
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100979	Autosomal dominant complex spastic paraplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100976	Bathing suit ichthyosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1970	Facial dysmorphism - macrocephaly - myopia - Dandy-Walker malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100978	Cloverleaf skull - asphyxiating thoracic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100974	FRAXF syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100973	FRAXE intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294981	Congenital absence of both lower leg and foot
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1973	Faciocardiorenal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1974	Autosomal recessive facio-digito-genital syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294983	Acheiria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1972	Lethal faciocardiomelic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294998	Brachydactyly of toes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352687	Congenital muscular alpha-dystroglycanopathy with brain and eye anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352682	Cobblestone lissencephaly without muscular or ocular involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88919	Autosomal recessive Alport syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88918	Autosomal dominant Alport syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88917	X-linked Alport syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140162	Inherited cancer-predisposing syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1980	Bilateral striopallidodentate calcinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100986	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 5A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100989	Autosomal dominant spastic paraplegia type 8
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100988	Autosomal dominant spastic paraplegia type 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280356	Familial partial lipodystrophy associated with PLIN1 mutations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100982	Autosomal recessive pure spastic paraplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100985	Autosomal dominant spastic paraplegia type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100984	Autosomal dominant spastic paraplegia type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1988	Femoral-facial syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294992	Split hand
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1986	Gollop-Wolfgang complex
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100981	Autosomal recessive complex spastic paraplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294990	Congenital absence/hypoplasia of fingers excluding thumb
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1987	Femoral agenesis/hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100980	Autosomal dominant pure spastic paraplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294996	Brachydactyly of fingers
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294994	Split foot
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217049	Rare non-syndromic cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217046	Autosomal recessive childhood-onset cortical cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99642	Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, Handigodu type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294927	Intercalary limb defects
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99645	Dappled diaphyseal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98313	Male infertility due to gonadal dysgenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294925	Amelia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99647	Cheirospondyloenchondromatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99646	Metaphyseal chondromatosis with D-2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294929	Terminal limb defects
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309827	Disorder of vitamin and non-protein cofactor absorption and transport 
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309824	Disorder of metabolite absorption and transport
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_159	Carnitine-acylcarnitine translocase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309830	Disorder of catecholamine synthesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_158	Systemic primary carnitine deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157	Carnitine palmitoyltransferase II deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156	Carnitine palmitoyl transferase 1A deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217052	Early-onset non-syndromic cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_154	Familial isolated dilated cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217055	Autosomal recessive intermediate Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293603	Congenital hereditary endothelial dystrophy type II
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1928	Congenital lobar emphysema
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294931	Adactyly of hand
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309839	Disorder of copper metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1927	Emery-Nelson syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294937	Brachydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294935	Split hand or/and split foot malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99657	Primary dystonia, DYT2 type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309833	Disorder of other vitamins and cofactors metabolism and transport
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_243343	Dimethylglycine dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294939	Preaxial polydactyly of fingers
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309836	Disorder of mineral absorption and transport
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169	Ringed hair disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168	Loose anagen syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_167	Chédiak-Higashi syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_165	Neutral lipid storage disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163	Hereditary hyperferritinemia with congenital cataracts
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_162	Cataract-glaucoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_180	Choroideremia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294944	Congenital deformities of limbs
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294942	Postaxial polydactyly of fingers
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294949	Joint formation defects
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325055	46,XX disorder of gonadal development
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1935	Early myoclonic encephalopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294947	Congenital deformities of fingers
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309803	Rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86309	DPAGT1-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314399	Autosomal dominant aplasia and myelodysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_179	Birdshot chorioretinopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178	Chordoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_177	Rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1933	Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome, encephalomyopathic form with methylmalonic aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_176	Non-rhizomelic chondrodysplasia punctata
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1934	Early infantile epileptic encephalopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_175	Cartilage-hair hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1931	Frontal encephalocele
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_174	Metaphyseal chondrodysplasia, Schmid type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_172	Progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1930	Herpetic encephalitis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325061	46,XX disorder of sex development induced by fetoplacental androgens excess
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_170	Woolly hair
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_191	Cockayne syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_190	Coats disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217059	Isolated congenital digital clubbing
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309819	Disorder of pterin metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294953	Limb overgrowth
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1948	Epilepsy - microcephaly - skeletal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1949	Benign familial neonatal seizures
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294959	Syndrome with limb duplication, polydactyly, syndactyly, and/or hyperphalangy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1946	Amelo-cerebro-hypohidrotic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98349	Autosomal dominant isolated diffuse palmoplantar keratoderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1947	Progressive epilepsy - intellectual disability, Finnish type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294957	Dysostosis with combined reduction defects of upper and lower limbs
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309810	Disorder of peroxisomal alpha-, beta- and omega-oxidation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309816	Disorder of bilirubin metabolism and excretion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99672	Fried's tooth and nail syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309813	Disorder of porphyrin and haem metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88950	Autosomal dominant medullary cystic kidney disease with hyperuricemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_189	Hidrotic ectodermal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_187	Citrullinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1945	Rolandic epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1942	Myoclonic-astastic epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_184	Cherubism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1940	Shoulder and thorax deformity - congenital heart disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1941	Juvenile absence epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294951	Congenital joint dislocations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293621	X-linked endothelial corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_49382	Achromatopsia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_181	X-linked hypohidrotic ectodermal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314381	Hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314376	Intestinal obstruction in the newborn due to guanylate cyclase 2C deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199	Cornelia de Lange syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_198	Occipital horn syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231386	Beta-thalassemia with other manifestations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217093	Mucopolysaccharidosis type 2, attenuated form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_195	Cat-eye syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_194	Ocular coloboma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_193	Cohen syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_192	Coffin-Lowry syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314394	Short stature-onychodysplasia-facial dysmorphism-hypotrichosis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100924	Porphyria due to ALA dehydratase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314389	Xq12-q13.3 duplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217085	Mucopolysaccharidosis type 2, severe form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325004	CANDLE syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98305	Genetic lipodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314373	Chronic diarrhea due to guanylate cyclase 2C overactivity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88993	Esophageal malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1900	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, kyphoscoliotic type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1901	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, dermatosparaxis type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98306	Familial partial lipodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231393	Beta-thalassemia - X-linked thrombocytopenia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98156	Gonosome number anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98155	Gonosome anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98158	Chromosome Y structural anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98157	Gonosome structural anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98159	Chromosome X structural anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399388	Avascular necrosis of genetic origin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98152	Autosomal uniparental disomy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98154	Uniparental disomy of paternal origin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98153	Uniparental disomy of maternal origin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399391	Osteochondrosis of genetic origin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_357506	Genetic non-syndromic renal or urinary tract malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_398069	Prader-Willi syndrome due to point mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75497	X-linked Ehlers-Danlos syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75496	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, progeroid type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261144	14q12 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263793	Uniparental disomy of chromosome X
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399380	Osteonecrosis of genetic origin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308573	Glycogen storage disease due to acid maltase deficiency, juvenile onset
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_275777	Heritable pulmonary arterial hypertension
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217012	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 31
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98127	Autosomal anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261190	15q14 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261197	Proximal 16p11.2 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308552	Glycogen storage disease due to acid maltase deficiency, infantile onset
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217026	Microcephaly - facio-cardio-skeletal syndrome, Hadziselimovic type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261183	15q11.2 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_158124	Genetic dementia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309845	Disorder of zinc metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_398073	Prader-Willi-like syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309842	Disorder of iron metabolism and transport
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98130	Autosomal trisomy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309848	Disorder of magnesium transport
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98132	Partial autosomal trisomy/tetrasomy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_398079	Prader-Willi-like syndrome due to point mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98131	Total autosomal trisomy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308520	Glycogen storage disease due to glycogen synthase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309851	Disorder of manganese transport
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217031	Obesity due to MC3R deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371861	Genetic hyperaldosteronism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217017	Zechi-Ceide syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309854	Cirrhosis-dystonia-polycythemia-hypermanganesemia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98141	Total autosomal monosomy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_398088	Hereditary cryohydrocytosis with normal stomatin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98142	Partial autosomal monosomy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_56304	Atelosteogenesis type II
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217023	Atypical hemolytic-uremic syndrome with thrombomodulin anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_56305	Atelosteogenesis type III
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_275729	Rare hemorrhagic disorder due to a constitutional thrombocytopenia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93308	Multiple epiphyseal dysplasia type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93307	Multiple epiphyseal dysplasia type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93304	Autosomal dominant brachyolmia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_68336	Rare genetic tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93303	Brachyolmia type 1, Toledo type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_68335	Chromosomal anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93302	Brachyolmia, Maroteaux type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_68334	Rare hemorrhagic disorder due to a constitutional coagulation factors defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93301	Brachyolmia type 1, Hobaek type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263746	Y chromosome number anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_69663	Low phospholipid associated cholelithiasis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263749	X and Y chromosomal anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263731	Partial monosomy of the short arm of chromosome X
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93311	Multiple epiphyseal dysplasia type 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_248111	Juvenile Huntington disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93317	Spondylometaphyseal dysplasia, Sedaghatian type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93316	Spondylometaphyseal dysplasia, Schmidt type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93315	Spondylometaphyseal dysplasia, 'corner fracture' type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93314	Spondylometaphyseal dysplasia, Kozlowski type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_31043	Familial primary hypomagnesemia with hypercalciuria and nephrocalcinosis without severe ocular involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_68346	Rare genetic skin disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238763	Glaucoma secondary to spherophakia/ectopia lentis and megalocornea
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263720	X chromosome number anomaly with male phenotype
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238766	Ptosis - syndactyly - learning difficulties
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263723	Polysomy of X chromosome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93322	Tibial hemimelia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238769	1q44 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93321	Radial hemimelia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93320	Ulnar hemimelia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93329	Autosomal recessive omodysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93328	Autosomal dominant omodysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93325	Autosomal dominant Kenny-Caffey syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93324	Autosomal recessive Kenny-Caffey syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93323	Fibular hemimelia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263726	Partial deletion of chromosome X
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93333	Pelviscapular dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93339	Polydactyly of a biphalangeal thumb
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93338	Polysyndactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93337	Polydactyly of an index finger
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93336	Polydactyly of a triphalangeal thumb
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93335	Postaxial polydactyly type B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93334	Postaxial polydactyly type A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263714	X chromosome number anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263717	X chromosome number anomaly with female phenotype
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_68380	Mitochondrial disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263783	Partial duplication of the long arm of chromosome X
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404463	Multisystemic smooth muscle dysfunction syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280282	Pelizaeus-Merzbacher-like disease due to GJC2 mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98196	Malformation syndrome with hamartosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280288	Pelizaeus-Merzbacher-like disease due to HSPD1 mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261120	14q11.2 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1794	Oculomaxillofacial dysostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1791	Frontofacionasal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1790	Hypomandibular faciocranial dysostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_67047	3-methylglutaconic aciduria type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_67048	3-methylglutaconic aciduria type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_67045	X-linked intellectual disability with isolated growth hormone deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_67046	3-methylglutaconic aciduria type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_275766	Idiopathic pulmonary arterial hypertension
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_67044	Thrombocytopenia with congenital dyserythropoietic anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1797	Autosomal dominant spondylocostal dysostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_68373	Peroxisomal disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_67041	Hyaluronidase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1798	Dysostosis, Stanescu type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_67042	Late-onset retinal degeneration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1795	Peripheral dysostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_275761	Lysosomal acid lipase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404454	Alacrimia-choreoathetosis-liver dysfunction syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404451	FBLN1-related developmental delay-central nervous system anomaly-syndactyly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263775	Partial duplication of the short arm of chromosome X
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79022	Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280293	Pelizaeus-Merzbacher-like disease due to AIMP1 mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261112	Monosomy 9p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404448	ADNP-related multiple congenital anomalies-intellectual disability-autism spectrum disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363396	High myopia-sensorineural deafness syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_68385	Neurometabolic disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_275752	Sickle cell disease and related diseases
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_68383	Rare constitutional medullar aplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404443	Tall stature-intellectual disability-facial dysmorphism syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404440	Intellectual disability-facial dysmorphism syndrome due to SETD5 haploinsufficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_275749	Beta-thalassemia and related diseases
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261102	Distal 7q11.23 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_68356	Leukodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263768	Partial duplication of chromosome X
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404437	Diffuse cerebral and cerebellar atrophy-intractable seizures-progressive microcephaly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_275745	Alpha-thalassemia and related diseases
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_275742	Genetic infertility
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263756	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome X
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_275736	Rare hemorrhagic disorder due to a platelet receptor defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_67036	Autosomal dominant optic atrophy and cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_68367	Inborn errors of metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_68366	Lysosomal disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_68364	Hemoglobinopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352734	Minimal pigment oculocutaneous albinism type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352731	Oculocutaneous albinism type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93388	Brachydactyly type A1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93387	Brachydactyly type E
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93384	Brachydactyly type C
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325118	46,XY disorder of gonadal development
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93383	Brachydactyly type B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79076	Juvenile polyposis of infancy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93382	Brachydactyly type A6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_92050	Intestinal epithelial dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1871	Progressive cone dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79083	Familial partial lipodystrophy associated with PPARG mutations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93389	Brachydactyly type A5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1878	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2H
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1879	Melorheostosis with osteopoikilosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1876	Oculogastrointestinal muscular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1877	Muscular dystrophy - white matter spongiosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1875	Congenital muscular dystrophy - infantile cataract - hypogonadism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1872	Cone rod dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352737	Temperature-sensitive oculocutaneous albinism type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1873	Jalili syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352745	Oculocutaneous albinism type 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352740	Ocular albinism with congenital sensorineural deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93399	Juvenile sialidosis type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93398	Genochondromatosis type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93397	Brachydactyly type A7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93396	Brachydactyly type A2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93395	Ballard syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79062	Disorder of amino acid and other organic acid metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93394	Brachydactyly type A4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325109	Syndrome with 46,XX disorder of sex development
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1882	Hypohidrotic ectodermal dysplasia - hypothyroidism - ciliary dyskinesia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1885	Isolated ectopia lentis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1883	Ectodermal dysplasia - sensorineural deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1884	Ectopia lentis - chorioretinal dystrophy - myopia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_376724	Generalized isolated dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363409	Fetal akinesia-cerebral and retinal hemorrhage syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1892	Ectrodactyly - polydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1891	Intellectual disability - spasticity - ectrodactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363400	Severe neurodegenerative syndrome with lipodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1899	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, arthrochalasic type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1896	EEC syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1897	EEM syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280270	Pelizaeus-Merzbacher-like disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363417	Temtamy preaxial brachydactyly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363412	Hypomyelination with brain stem and spinal cord involvement and leg spasticity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1839	Hereditary mucoepithelial dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238744	Mammary-digital-nail syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1836	Mesomelic dysplasia, Kantaputra type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1837	Ulna metaphyseal dysplasia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139027	Malformation syndrome with skin/mucosae involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363429	Autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia-pyramidal signs-nystagmus-oculomotor apraxia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280200	Microform holoprosencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139030	Malformation syndrome with connective tissue involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363424	Hypotonia-cerebral atrophy-hyperglycinemia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93349	X-linked spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93347	Anauxetic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93346	Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia congenita, Strudwick type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1834	Axial mesodermal dysplasia spectrum
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1832	Lethal osteosclerotic bone dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1830	Schimke immuno-osseous dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263708	Complex chromosomal rearrangement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238750	4q21 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1849	Infundibulopelvic stenosis - multicystic kidney
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75501	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, fibronectinemic type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238755	Autosomal dominant limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 1H
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1848	Bilateral renal agenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139039	Orofacial clefting syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93352	Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, Shohat type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93351	Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, Irapa type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280210	Pelizaeus-Merzbacher disease, connatal form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363432	Autosomal recessive congenital cerebellar ataxia due to GRID2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93359	Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia with joint laxity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93358	Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia - short limb - abnormal calcification
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280219	Pelizaeus-Merzbacher disease, classic form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93357	SPONASTRIME dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93356	Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, Missouri type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1844	Bone dysplasia, Azouz type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1842	Bone dysplasia, lethal Holmgren type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75508	Angioosteohypotrophic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238722	Familial congenital mirror movements
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1858	Skeletal dysplasia - epilepsy - short stature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93365	CINCA syndrome with NLRP3 mutations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79096	Pyridoxal phosphate-responsive seizures
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79095	Congenital bile acid synthesis defect type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93360	Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia with multiple dislocations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79097	Folinic acid-responsive seizures
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363447	Autosomal dominant childhood-onset proximal spinal muscular atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280224	Pelizaeus-Merzbacher disease, transitional form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280229	Pelizaeus-Merzbacher disease in female carriers
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363444	Developmental delay-microcephaly-facial dysmorphism syndrome, Hutterite type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93367	CINCA syndrome without NLRP3 mutations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1856	Spondyloperipheral dysplasia - short ulna
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1855	Spondyloenchondrodysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_164001	Rare odontal or periodontal disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1852	X-linked retinal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1850	Renal dysplasia - megalocystis - sirenomelia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1851	Multicystic dysplastic kidney
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79085	Familial partial lipodystrophy due to AKT2 mutations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280234	Null syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79084	Familial partial lipodystrophy, Köbberling type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93372	Familial hypocalciuric hypercalcemia type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79091	Hereditary inclusion body myopathy - joint contractures - ophthalmoplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1860	Thanatophoric dysplasia type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79094	Grange syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363454	Autosomal dominant childhood-onset proximal spinal muscular atrophy with contractures
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1867	Bullous dystrophy, macular type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1865	Dyssegmental dysplasia, Silverman-Handmaker type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1866	Focal, segmental or multifocal dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1864	Congenital valvular dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314404	Autosomal dominant cerebellar ataxia, deafness and narcolepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_394532	Multiple acyl-CoA dehydrogenation deficiency, mild type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231226	Dominant beta-thalassemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231222	Beta-thalassemia intermedia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1809	Hidrotic ectodermal dysplasia, Halal type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1807	Focal facial dermal dysplasia type III
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1808	Hidrotic ectodermal dysplasia, Christianson-Fourie type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1806	Ectodermal dysplasia - blindness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98203	Combined dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1803	Thoracomelic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1804	Dyssegmental dysplasia - glaucoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308621	Glycogen storage disease due to glycogen branching enzyme deficiency, progressive hepatic form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231214	Beta-thalassemia major
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1801	Kyphomelic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1802	Ghosal hematodiaphyseal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1818	Ectodermal dysplasia, trichoodontoonychial type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139009	Developmental anomaly of metabolic origin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1816	Ectodermal dysplasia, Berlin type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_141327	Orofaciodigital syndrome type 12
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231249	Hemoglobin E - beta-thalassemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1812	Ectodermal dysplasia - intellectual disability - central nervous system malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1810	Autosomal dominant hypohidrotic ectodermal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1811	Odontomicronychial dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231242	Hemoglobin C - beta-thalassemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_51577	Cobblestone lissencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1827	Acromelic frontonasal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1825	Epiphyseal dysplasia - hearing loss - dysmorphism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1826	Frontometaphyseal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308604	Glycogen storage disease due to acid maltase deficiency, adult onset
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231237	Delta-beta-thalassemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_87503	Mal de Meleda
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231230	Beta-thalassemia associated with another hemoglobin anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1824	Lowry-Wood syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1822	Dysplasia epiphysealis hemimelica
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_394529	Multiple acyl-CoA dehydrogenation deficiency, severe neonatal type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_141333	Biemond syndrome type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_141330	Orofaciodigital syndrome type 13
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_255235	Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome, encephalomyopathic form with renal tubulopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_255249	Leigh syndrome with nephrotic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352709	CLN13 disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_255241	Leigh syndrome with leukodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352712	Facial dysmorphism - immunodeficiency - livedo - short stature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352718	Progressive retinal dystrophy due to retinol transport defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_255210	Maternally-inherited Leigh syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352723	Attenuated Chédiak-Higashi syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75563	X-linked sideroblastic anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325124	Testicular agenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314485	Young adult-onset distal hereditary motor neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_255229	Navajo neurohepatopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352728	Disorder of melanin metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183466	Genetic hyperpigmentation of the skin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183463	Genetic pigmentation anomaly of the skin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284160	8q21.11 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183460	Genetic sebaceous gland anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284169	10p11.21p12.31 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169160	T-B+ severe combined immunodeficiency due to CD3delta/CD3epsilon/CD3zeta
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_317	Erythrokeratodermia variabilis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3015	Radio-renal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85198	Dysspondyloenchondromatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_316	Progressive symmetric erythrokeratodermia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85197	Genochondromatosis type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_315	Erythrokeratoderma "en cocardes"
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169157	T-B+ severe combined immunodeficiency due to CD45 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314	Erythroderma desquamativum
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85199	Craniosynostosis - anal anomalies - porokeratosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169154	T-B+ severe combined immunodeficiency due to IL-7Ralpha deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_313	Lamellar ichthyosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3011	Spastic tetraplegia - retinitis pigmentosa - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206662	Inclusion myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_312	Epidermolytic ichthyosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3010	Qazi-Markouizos syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85192	Calvarial doughnut lesions - bone fragility
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85191	Singleton-Merten dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3019	Ramon syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85194	Spondylo-ocular syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217330	Hyperuricemia - anemia - renal failure
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85193	Idiopathic juvenile osteoporosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183469	Genetic hypopigmentation of the skin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85196	Nodulosis-arthropathy-osteolysis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3016	Radius absent - anogenital anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85195	Familial expansile osteolysis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183478	Genetic skin vascular disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183472	Genetic dermis disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169150	Immunodeficiency due to a late component of complements deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329	Congenital factor XI deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169147	Immunodeficiency due to an early component of complement deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_328	Congenital factor X deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_327	Congenital factor VII deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85186	Endosteal sclerosis - cerebellar hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_326	Congenital factor V deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325	Congenital factor II deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85188	Metaphyseal dysplasia, Braun-Tinschert type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324	Fabry disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3021	RAPADILINO syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_322	Exstrophy-epispadias complex
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3020	Ramsay-Hunt syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169142	Recurrent infection due to specific granule deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_321	Multiple osteochondromas
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_320	Apparent mineralocorticoid excess
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85182	Diaphyseal medullary stenosis - bone malignancy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3027	Caudal regression sequence
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85184	Craniometadiaphyseal dysplasia, wormian bone type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217346	19q13.11 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183444	Genetic porokeratosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183441	Genetic acrokeratoderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284180	Xp22.13p22.2 duplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309526	Disorder of multiple glycosylation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228000	Idiopathic CD4 lymphocytopenia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247198	Progressive cerebello-cerebral atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93605	Classic Bartter syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_338	Familial multiple fibrofolliculoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93604	Antenatal Bartter syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85175	Astley-Kendall dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_337	Fibrodysplasia ossificans progressiva
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3035	Growth delay - hydrocephaly - lung hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93602	Xanthinuria type II
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3034	Delayed membranous cranial ossification
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_335	Congenital fibrinogen deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93601	Xanthinuria type I
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_334	Familial atrial fibrillation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93600	Primary hyperoxaluria type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3032	NPHP3-related Meckel-like syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85179	Infantile osteopetrosis with neuroaxonal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_333	Farber lipogranulomatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_332	Congenital intrinsic factor deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_331	Congenital factor XIII deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_330	Congenital factor XII deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85170	Mesomelic dysplasia, Savarirayan type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85172	Microcephalic osteodysplastic dysplasia, Saul-Wilson type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93608	Autosomal dominant distal renal tubular acidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183447	Genetic epidermal appendage anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93607	Autosomal recessive proximal renal tubular acidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85174	Pseudodiastrophic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93606	Nephrogenic syndrome of inappropriate antidiuresis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3038	Delayed speech - facial asymmetry - strabismus - ear lobe creases
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85173	IMAGe syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217335	MACS syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183454	Genetic nail anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183450	Genetic hair anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3051	intellectual disability - sparse hair - brachydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3050	Intellectual disability - hypotonia - skin hyperpigmentation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261494	Kleefstra syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93616	Hemoglobin H disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85165	Severe achondroplasia - developmental delay - acanthosis nigricans
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_349	Fucosidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3047	Blepharophimosis-intellectual disability syndrome, SBBYS type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85164	Camptodactyly - tall stature - scoliosis - hearing loss
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_348	Fructose-1,6-bisphosphatase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93614	Hematological disorder with renal involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85167	Spondylometaphyseal dysplasia - cone-rod dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_347	Frasier syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93613	Cystinuria type B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85166	Platyspondylic dysplasia, Torrance type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93612	Cystinuria type A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3044	Intellectual disability - dysmorphism - hypogonadism - diabetes mellitus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85169	Familial digital arthropathy-brachydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85168	Craniofacial conodysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169163	Familial scaphocephaly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93610	Distal renal tubular acidosis with anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3042	Intellectual disability - cataracts - calcified pinnae - myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_343	Hyperimmunoglobulinemia D with periodic fever
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3041	Intellectual disability - balding - patella luxation - acromicria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_342	Familial Mediterranean fever
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401874	Fatal multiple mitochondrial dysfunction syndrome type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217340	17q21.31 microduplication  syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85163	Hypomyelination - congenital cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85162	Facial onset sensory and motor neuronopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79317	Phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase 2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183422	Polymalformative genetic syndrome with increased risk of developing cancer
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79316	Phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase 1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79319	MPI-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79318	PMM2-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79312	Vitamin B12-unresponsive methylmalonic acidemia type mut-
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79315	D-2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79314	L-2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79311	Vitamin B12-responsive methylmalonic acidemia type cblB
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79310	Vitamin B12-responsive methylmalonic acidemia type cblA
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268950	Cerebral cortical dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171442	Adult-onset nemaline myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98473	Muscular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309505	Disorder of fucoglycosan synthesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171445	Muscle filaminopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_359	Hereditary glaucoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_358	Gitelman syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169110	Immunoglobulin heavy chain deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_356	Gerstmann-Straussler-Scheinker syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231662	Isolated growth hormone deficiency type IA
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_355	Gaucher disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_354	GM1 gangliosidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_353	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2C
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217371	Acute infantile liver failure due to synthesis defect of mtDNA-encoded proteins
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_102014	Autosomal dominant limb-girdle muscular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352	Galactosemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_102015	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_351	Galactosialidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_102012	Pure hereditary spastic paraplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_102013	Complex hereditary spastic paraplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_102010	Other syndrome with lissencephaly as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183426	Genetic epidermal disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_102011	Lissencephaly type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268943	Unilateral polymicrogyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79306	Progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98486	Metabolic myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79305	Progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268947	Unilateral focal polymicrogyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79302	Congenital bile acid synthesis defect type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79301	Congenital bile acid synthesis defect type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79304	Progressive familial intrahepatic cholestasis type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79303	Congenital bile acid synthesis defect type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309515	Disorder of glycosphingolipid and glycosylphosphatidylinositol anchor glycosylation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284139	Larsen-like syndrome, B3GAT3 type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268940	Bilateral polymicrogyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228012	Progressive sensorineural hearing loss - hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228003	Severe combined immunodeficiency due to CORO1A deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369	Glycogen storage disease due to liver glycogen phosphorylase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_368	Glycogen storage disease due to muscle glycogen phosphorylase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_367	Glycogen storage disease due to glycogen branching enzyme deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169100	Immunodeficiency due to CD25 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_366	Glycogen storage disease due to glycogen debranching enzyme deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399081	KLHL9-related childhood-onset distal myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_365	Glycogen storage disease due to acid maltase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_364	Glycogen storage disease due to glucose-6-phosphatase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_361	Familial glucocorticoid deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183438	Genetic erythrokeratoderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183435	Inherited ichthyosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_102020	Autosomal monosomy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98497	Genetic peripheral neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284149	Craniosynostosis and dental anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98495	Genetic neuromuscular junction disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_379	Chronic granulomatous disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_377	Gorlin syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_376	Gordon syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_374	Goldenhar syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_373	Simpson-Golabi-Behmel syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217390	Combined immunodeficiency due to DOCK8 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371	Glycogen storage disease due to muscle phosphofructokinase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370	Glycogen storage disease due to phosphorylase kinase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217396	Progressive demyelinating neuropathy with bilateral striatal necrosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169139	Transient hypogammaglobulinemia of infancy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217377	Microduplication Xp11.22-p11.23 syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268926	Midline cerebral malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171430	Severe congenital nemaline myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399058	Alpha-B crystallin-related late-onset distal myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171433	Intermediate nemaline myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3004	Mirror polydactyly - vertebral segmentation - limbs defects
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3003	Pyknoachondrogenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171436	Typical nemaline myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_102009	Classic lissencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231679	Isolated growth hormone deficiency type II
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171439	Childhood-onset nemaline myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_388	Hirschsprung disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217382	Neurodegenerative syndrome due to cerebral folate transport deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_385	Neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_384	Palmoplantar keratoderma-sclerodactyly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231671	Isolated growth hormone deficiency type IB
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_383	X-linked mixed deafness with perilymphatic gusher
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_382	Guanidinoacetate methyltransferase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3008	Pyruvate carboxylase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_381	Griscelli disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217385	17p13.3 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_29072	Hereditary pheochromocytoma-paraganglioma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_380	Greig cephalopolysyndactyly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3006	Pyridoxine-dependent epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3005	Pyle disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79357	Hereditary palmoplantar keratoderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262776	Partial duplication of the short arm of chromosome 10
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352333	Congenital ichthyosis - intellectual disability - spastic quadriplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79351	3-phosphoglycerate dehydrogenase deficiency, infantile/juvenile form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79350	3-phosphoserine phosphatase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79346	Chondrodysplasia punctata, tibial-metacarpal type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79345	Brachytelephalangic chondrodysplasia punctata
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79347	Chondrodysplasia punctata, Toriello type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79344	Autosomal dominant chondrodysplasia punctata
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262767	Partial trisomy of the short arm of chromosome 9
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79330	GCS1-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79333	COG7-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79332	B4GALT1-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91024	Autosomal recessive axonal Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262758	Partial duplication of the short arm of chromosome 8
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79328	ALG9-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79327	ALG1-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79329	MGAT2-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262740	Partial duplication of the short arm of chromosome 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_42062	Iminoglycinuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79324	ALG12-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79323	MPDU1-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79326	ALG2-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79325	ALG8-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79320	ALG6-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79322	DPM1-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79321	ALG3-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262749	Partial duplication of the short arm of chromosome 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79397	Epidermolysis bullosa simplex with mottled pigmentation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79396	Epidermolysis bullosa simplex, Dowling-Meara type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79399	Generalized epidermolysis bullosa simplex, non-Dowling-Meara type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79395	Keratoderma hereditarium mutilans with ichthyosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79394	Congenital non-bullous ichthyosiform erythroderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261483	Xq27.3q28 duplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93623	Dent disease type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93622	Dent disease type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79389	Premature aging
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79385	Unclassified genetic skin disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79388	Mucopolysaccharidosis with skin involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79387	Metabolic disease with skin involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261476	Monosomy Xp21
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79383	Lymphedema
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206634	Genetic skeletal muscle disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262794	Partial duplication of the short arm of chromosome 16
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309568	Defect in conserved oligomeric Golgi complex
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206650	Autosomal dominant distal myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79370	Syndromic nail anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79373	Ectodermal dysplasia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206644	Progressive muscular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206647	Myotonic dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262785	Partial duplication of the short arm of chromosome 11
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79367	Syndromic hair shaft abnormality
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79369	Isolated nail anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79364	Alopecia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79366	Isolated hair shaft abnormality
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79365	Hypertrichosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79360	Other genetic epidermal disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309	Familial partial epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308	Unverricht-Lundborg disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79361	Inherited epidermolysis bullosa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_307	Juvenile myoclonic epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206656	Non-dystrophic myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306	Benign familial infantile epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_305	Junctional epidermolysis bullosa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_304	Epidermolysis bullosa simplex
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_303	Dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_302	Epidermodysplasia verruciformis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300	Bifunctional enzyme deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206653	Autosomal recessive distal myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206659	Non-dystrophic myopathy with collagen 6 anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91088	Other metabolic disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_37553	Cardiodysrhythmic potassium-sensitive periodic paralysis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99803	Haddad syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99802	Hemimegalencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99807	PEHO-like syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99806	Oculootodental syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99810	Familial porencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99812	LIG4 syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99811	Neuronal intestinal pseudoobstruction
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_38874	Dihydropyrimidinuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99818	Turcot syndrome with polyposis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99817	Non-polyposis Turcot syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99819	Familial gestational hyperthyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352403	Spectrin-associated autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99832	Resistance to thyrotropin-releasing hormone syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98505	Genetic motor neuron disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_138055	Pierre Robin syndrome associated with bone disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139393	Syndromic craniosynostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139396	X-linked cerebral adrenoleukodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139390	Isolated craniosynostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_138063	Syndrome associated with Pierre Robin syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280569	Rapidly progressive glomerulonephritis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_73217	Müllerian aplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293888	Familial isolated arrhythmogenic ventricular dysplasia, left dominant form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_138066	Pierre Robin syndrome associated with miscellaneous anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139399	Adrenomyeloneuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280576	Nestor-Guillermo progeria syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_165661	Genetic pancreatic disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262725	Partial trisomy/tetrasomy of the short arm of chromosome 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293899	Familial isolated arrhythmogenic ventricular dysplasia, biventricular form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_248408	Familial hypodysfibrinogenemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_248401	Rare thrombotic disorder due to a constitutional platelet anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280586	Chondrodysplasia with joint dislocations, gPAPP type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75858	MORM syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75857	6q terminal deletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262716	Partial duplication of the short arm of chromosome 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352447	Progressive external ophthalmoplegia - myopathy - emaciation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75840	Congenital muscular dystrophy, Ullrich type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280598	Hereditary sensorimotor neuropathy with hyperelastic skin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262707	Partial duplication of the short arm of chromosome 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98554	Major induction processes eye anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99885	Permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98555	Anophthalmia - microphthalmia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99886	Transient neonatal diabetes mellitus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98558	Rare eye disease due to a differentiation anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98557	Syndromic aniridia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99880	Hyperparathyroidism-jaw tumor syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401825	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 68
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3098	Rhizomelic syndrome, Urbach type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399	Huntington disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3097	Meacham syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_357225	Primary non-essential cutis verticis gyrata
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97229	Riboflavin transporter deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_395	Homocystinuria due to methylene tetrahydrofolate reductase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_394	Classical homocystinuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401820	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 67
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_393	46,XX testicular disorder of sex development
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_392	Holt-Oram syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293830	Constitutional dyserythropoietic anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97231	Ligneous conjunctivitis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98563	Microblepharon - ablephara
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98562	Cryptophthalmia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97232	Fingerprint body myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98565	Syndromic ankyloblepharon
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293843	Craniofacial-ulnar-renal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268865	Neurenteric cyst
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98564	Eyelid border anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97234	Glycogen storage disease due to phosphoglycerate mutase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293848	Right temporal lobar atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_73246	Visceral neuropathy - brain anomalies - facial dysmorphism - developmental delay
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99898	Mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial diseases due to complete IFNgammaR1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98567	Eyelids malposition disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98566	Syndromic palpebral coloboma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268868	Isolated amyelia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98569	Secondary entropion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_73245	Spinal muscular atrophy - Dandy-Walker malformation - cataracts
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98568	Congenital entropion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97238	Rippling muscle disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98561	Eyelid malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268861	Primary tethered chord syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98560	Rare palpebral disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401815	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 66
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_87884	Non-syndromic genetic deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401810	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 64
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_357237	Severe combined immunodeficiency due to CARD11 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97239	Reducing body myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97242	Congenital muscular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98574	Syndromic epicanthus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98573	Epicanthal fold
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97244	Rigid spine syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98576	Malposition of external canthus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_73230	Ossification anomalies - psychomotor development delay
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98575	Telecanthus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97245	Congenital myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98578	Ptosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98577	Kinetic eyelid anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97249	Pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98579	Congenital upper palpebral retraction
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399086	Finnish upper limb-onset distal myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98570	Congenital ectropion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98572	Canthal anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97240	Zebra body myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98571	Secondary ectropion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401805	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 63
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139373	Recessive hereditary methemoglobinemia type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_87876	Sialidosis type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401800	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 60
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85212	Fetal Gaucher disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_138041	Pierre Robin syndrome associated with collagen disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_165655	Genetic intestinal disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_165658	Genetic gastro-esophageal disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_165652	Rare genetic gastroenterological disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_73220	X-linked intellectual disability - hypotonic face
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98585	Palpebral sebaceous gland tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98584	Malignant tumor of palpebral epidermis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293864	Hypoplastic pancreas-intestinal atresia-hypoplastic gallbalder syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98587	Palpebral lentiginosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268843	Malformation of the neurenteric canal, spinal cord and column
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98586	Pigmented palpebral tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_73224	Tubular renal disease - cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98589	Palpebral malignant melanoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98588	Palpebral nevus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_73223	Global developmental delay - osteopenia - ectodermal defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_138047	Pierre Robin syndrome associated with a chromosomal anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399096	Distal anoctaminopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280553	Fatal infantile hypertonic myofibrillar myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98580	Palpebral tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98583	Precancerous lesion of palpebral epidermis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_138050	Pierre Robin syndrome associated with branchial archs anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85200	Ischio-vertebral syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85202	Keutel syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85201	Genitopatellar syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139380	Recessive hereditary methemoglobinemia type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280558	Warsaw breakage syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85203	Acro-pectoral syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_73229	Autosomal dominant familial hematuria - retinal arteriolar tortuosity - contractures
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99843	Leukocyte adhesion deficiency type II
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99842	Leukocyte adhesion deficiency type I
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99845	Genetic recurrent myoglobinuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99844	Leukocyte adhesion deficiency type III
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3062	X-linked intellectual disability, Schutz type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3061	X-linked intellectual disability, Raynaud type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401869	Fatal multiple mitochondrial dysfunction syndrome type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3059	X-linked intellectual disability, Gu type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85275	Microphthalmia - ankyloblepharon - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85274	Syndromic X-linked intellectual disability 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3057	Monoamine oxidase A deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85277	X-linked intellectual disability, Cantagrel type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3056	X-linked intellectual disability, Brooks type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85276	X-linked intellectual disability, Armfield type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3055	X-linked intellectual disability - short stature - obesity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85279	Syndromic X-linked intellectual disability due to JARID1C mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401866	Spasticity-ataxia-gait anomalies syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85278	Christianson syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3052	X-linked intellectual disability - seizures - psoriasis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401862	Lipoyl transferase 1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99846	Autosomal dominant myoglobinuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98518	Cranial nerve and nuclear aplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99849	Glycogen storage disease due to muscle beta-enolase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_225703	Mitochondrial disease with peripheral neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85273	X-linked intellectual disability, Abidi type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99852	RAVINE syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98523	Non-syndromic pontocerebellar hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99854	Cree leukoencephalopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99853	Ovarioleukodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99856	Primary syringomyelia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3071	Costello syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401859	Lipoic acid synthetase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169189	Autosomal dominant centronuclear myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3068	Intellectual disability - myopathy - short stature - endocrine defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3067	Intellectual disability - microcephaly - phalangeal - facial abnormalities
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401854	Lipoic acid biosynthesis defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3064	X-linked intellectual disability, Wittner type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169186	Autosomal recessive centronuclear myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3063	X-linked intellectual disability, Snyder type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99858	Idiopathic syringomyelia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_200418	Immunodeficiency with factor I anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183487	Genetic skin tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_73273	Growth delay due to insulin-like growth factor I resistance
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183484	Genetic subcutaneous tissue disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183481	Genetic mixed dermis disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3082	Intellectual disability - polydactyly - uncombable hair
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3080	Intellectual disability, Wolff type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_73271	Bleeding diathesis due to a collagen receptor defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_73272	Growth delay due to insulin-like growth factor type 1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401849	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 72
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3079	Intellectual disability, Buenos-Aires type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3078	Severe X-linked intellectual disability, Gustavson type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3077	X-linked intellectual disability - psychosis - macroorchidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_200421	Immunodeficiency with factor H anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3074	Intellectual disability - short stature - hypertelorism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98538	Ataxia with dementia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401840	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 71
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98539	Early-onset ataxia with dementia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293822	MITF-related melanoma and renal cell carcinoma predisposition syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98540	Late-onset ataxia with dementia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98543	Metabolic disease with dementia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183497	Genetic neuromuscular disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99876	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type 7B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99875	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type 7A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183494	Genetic immune deficiency with skin involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99878	Primary parathyroids hyperplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293825	Congenital dyserythropoietic anemia type IV
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99877	Familial parathyroid adenoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3095	Atypical Rett syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183490	Genetic photodermatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268882	Arnold-Chiari malformation type I
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3088	Revesz syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3087	Retinohepatoendocrinologic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3086	Autosomal dominant vitreoretinochoroidopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401835	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 70
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3085	Retinitis pigmentosa - intellectual disability - deafness - hypogenitalism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99879	Familial isolated hyperparathyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401830	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 69
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98396	Constitutional megaloblastic anemia due to vitamin B12 metabolism disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206546	Symptomatic form of muscular dystrophy of Duchenne and Becker in female carriers
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231500	Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome with pulmonary fibrosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206549	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2L
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209	Cutis laxa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207	Crouzon disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_205	Crigler-Najjar syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206559	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2N
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_202	Crandall syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_201	Cowden syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206554	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2M
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_219	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2F
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_218	Darier disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217	Isolated Dandy-Walker malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_216	Neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_215	Congenital stationary night blindness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_214	Cystinuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206564	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2O
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_213	Cystinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_212	Cystathioninuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_211	Familial cylindromatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206583	Adult polyglucosan body disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206580	Autosomal recessive lower motor neuron disease with childhood onset
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_229	Familial aortic dissection
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231512	Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome without pulmonary fibrosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_226	Dihydropteridine reductase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_225	Maternally-inherited diabetes and deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_224	Neonatal diabetes mellitus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_223	Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401993	Cold-induced sweating syndrome-hyperthermia spectrum
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_220	Denys-Drash syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401996	Karyomegalic interstitial nephritis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98353	Autosomal dominant disease associated with focal palmoplantar keratoderma as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98356	Autosomal recessive isolated diffuse palmoplantar keratoderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268832	Lipoma associated with neurospinal dysraphism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268838	Leptomyelolipoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98357	Autosomal recessive disease with focal palmoplantar keratoderma as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99688	Dermotrichic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268835	Lipomyelomeningocele
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399185	Rare hereditary disease with avascular necrosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98352	Autosomal dominant disease with diffuse palmoplantar keratoderma as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_239	Dyggve-Melchior-Clausen disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238	Digestive duplication
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_237	Duplication of urethra
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_236	Trisomy 9p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_235	Dubowitz syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_234	Dubin-Johnson syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_233	Duane retraction syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_232	Sickle cell anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_230	Dopamine beta-hydroxylase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_298644	Disorder of thiamine metabolism and transport
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98365	Hereditary stomatocytosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268823	Occipital encephalocele
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98364	Rare constitutional hemolytic anemia due to a red cell membrane anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268820	Cranial meningocele
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98366	Constitutional hemolytic anemia due to acanthocytosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268826	Parietal encephalocele
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98369	Rare constitutional hemolytic anemia due to an enzyme disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98360	Constitutional anemia due to iron metabolism disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98362	Constitutional sideroblastic anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_249	Fibrous dysplasia of bone
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231537	Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome type 8
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_248	Autosomal recessive hypohidrotic ectodermal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231531	Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome type 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247	Arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_246	Postaxial acrofacial dysostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206599	Isolated asymptomatic elevation of creatine phosphokinase
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_245	Nager syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_244	Primary ciliary dyskinesia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_243	46,XX gonadal dysgenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_242	46,XY complete gonadal dysgenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_241	Dyschromatosis universalis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_240	Léri-Weill dyschondrosteosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268829	Basal encephalocele
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268810	Posterior meningocele
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217266	BNAR syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268813	Myelocystocele
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98370	Hemolytic anemia due to hexose monophosphate shunt and glutathione metabolism anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98372	Hemolytic anemia due to a disorder of glycolytic enzymes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98374	Hemolytic anemia due to an erythrocyte nucleotide metabolism disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231568	Generalized dominant dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_258	Congenital muscular dystrophy type 1A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_257	Epidermolysis bullosa simplex with muscular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_256	Early-onset generalized limb-onset dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_255	Dopa-responsive dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254	Spondylometaphyseal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_253	Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia and spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_357329	Cryptosporidiosis - chronic cholangitis - liver disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268817	Cephalocele
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251	Multiple epiphyseal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_250	Frontonasal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231556	Late-onset localized junctional epidermolysis bullosa - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_357332	Syndactyly - camptodactyly and clinodactyly of fifth fingers - bifid toes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_269	Facioscapulohumeral dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_267	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_266	Autosomal dominant limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 1A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_265	Autosomal dominant limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 1C
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_264	Autosomal dominant limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 1B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263	Limb-girdle muscular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262	Duchenne and Becker muscular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261	Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79239	Classic galactosemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_211062	Hereditary episodic ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_158300	Rare genetic hematologic disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262653	Partial duplication of chromosome 11
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_211067	Episodic ataxia type 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79235	Crigler-Najjar syndrome type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352456	Mitochondrial DNA maintenance syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79238	Galactose epimerase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79237	Galactokinase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79234	Crigler-Najjar syndrome type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261323	21q22.11q22.12 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79233	Hypoxanthine guanine phosphoribosyltransferase partial deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79230	Hemochromatosis type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93547	Syndromic renal or urinary tract malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262658	Partial trisomy/tetrasomy of the short arm of chromosome 12
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79225	Sphingolipidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79224	Disorder of purine or pyrimidine metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262643	Partial trisomy/tetrasomy of chromosome 9
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79226	Sterol metabolism disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93550	Basement membrane disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261311	20q13.33 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_248361	Rare thrombotic disorder due to a constitutional coagulation factors defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261318	Trisomy 20p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262648	Partial duplication of chromosome 10
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352479	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy due to ISPD deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79219	Metabolic disease involving other neurotransmitter deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79214	Disorder of biogenic amine metabolism and transport
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79213	Mucopolysaccharidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262633	Partial duplication of chromosome 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79215	Oligosaccharidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93562	Familial renal amyloidosis due to fibrinogen A alpha-chain variant
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79212	Mucolipidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93561	Familial renal amyloidosis due to lysozyme variant
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79211	Combined hyperlipidemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93560	Familial renal amyloidosis due to Apolipoprotein AI variant
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352470	Mitochondrial DNA deletion syndrome with progressive myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261304	Paternal 20q13.2q13.3 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262638	Partial duplication of chromosome 8
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79207	Disorder of lysosomal amino acid transport
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79204	Lipid storage disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352487	Digital anomalies - intellectual disability - short stature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93575	Atypical hemolytic-uremic syndrome with C3 anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79201	Glycogen storage disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79200	Disorder of energy metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93571	Dense deposit disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_248340	Isolated delta-storage pool disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93579	Atypical hemolytic-uremic syndrome with H factor anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93578	Atypical hemolytic-uremic syndrome with B factor anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93576	Atypical hemolytic-uremic syndrome with MCP/CD46 anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262628	Partial duplication of chromosome 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79279	Alpha-N-acetylgalactosaminidase deficiency type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262698	Partial duplication of the short arm of chromosome 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79276	Acute intermittent porphyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79278	Erythropoietic protoporphyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79277	Congenital erythropoietic porphyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79272	Sanfilippo syndrome type D
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79271	Sanfilippo syndrome type C
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399103	Nebulin-related early-onset distal myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79273	Hereditary coproporphyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352490	Autism spectrum disorder due to AUTS2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262692	Partial trisomy of chromosome 20
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79281	Alpha-N-acetylgalactosaminidase deficiency type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_307052	Rare genetic parkinsonian disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79280	Alpha-N-acetylgalactosaminidase deficiency type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_307058	Miscellaneous movement disorder due to genetic neurodegenerative disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_307055	Rare parkinsonian syndrome due to genetic neurodegenerative disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308386	Sulfite oxidase deficiency due to molybdenum cofactor deficiency type A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308380	Methylcobalamin deficiency type cblDv1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262682	Partial trisomy/tetrasomy of chromosome 18
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79269	Sanfilippo syndrome type A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262687	Partial duplication of chromosome 19
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79264	Juvenile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79263	Infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79262	Adult neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_307064	Rare genetic myoclonus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79270	Sanfilippo syndrome type B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308393	Sulfite oxidase deficiency due to molybdenum cofactor deficiency type B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_307067	Rare genetic disease with myoclonus as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_307061	Rare genetic tremor disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262672	Partial duplication of chromosome 16
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79258	Glycogen storage disease due to glucose-6-phosphatase deficiency type a
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79257	GM1 gangliosidosis type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262677	Partial duplication of chromosome 17
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79259	Glycogen storage disease due to glucose-6-phosphatase deficiency type b
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79254	Classical phenylketonuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79253	Mild phenylketonuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79256	GM1 gangliosidosis type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79255	GM1 gangliosidosis type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261344	Trisomy 1q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261349	2p15p16.1 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_189466	Familial isolated hypoparathyroidism due to impaired PTH secretion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79246	Pyruvate dehydrogenase phosphatase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79243	Pyruvate dehydrogenase E1-alpha deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79242	Holocarboxylase synthetase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79244	Pyruvate dehydrogenase E2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79241	Biotinidase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261330	Distal 22q11.2 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79240	Glycogen storage disease due to liver and muscle phosphorylase kinase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261337	Distal 22q11.2 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99701	Mesial temporal lobe epilepsy with hippocampal sclerosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79298	Diazoxide-resistant focal hyperinsulinism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79299	Hyperinsulinism due to glucokinase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79293	Familial LCAT deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99706	Progeria-associated arthropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_26791	Multiple acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_26793	Very long chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_26792	Short chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79283	Methylmalonic acidemia with homocystinuria, type cblD
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79282	Methylmalonic acidemia with homocystinuria, type cblC
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79284	Methylmalonic acidemia with homocystinuria type cblF
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79292	Fish-eye disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99718	Leber plus disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352530	Intellectual disability - obesity - brain malformations - facial dysmorphism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_248305	Hemolytic anemia due to glyceraldehyde-3-phosphate dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93583	Congenital thrombotic thrombocytopenic purpura due to ADAMTS-13 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93581	Atypical hemolytic-uremic syndrome with anti-factor H antibodies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93580	Atypical hemolytic-uremic syndrome with I factor anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93589	Late-onset nephronophthisis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93587	Familial cystic renal disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401901	Huntington disease-like syndrome due to C9ORF72 expansions
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93594	Alpha-1-antichymotrypsin deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_211017	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 30
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93593	Nephropathy secondary to a storage or other metabolic disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93592	Juvenile nephronophthisis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93591	Infantile nephronophthisis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_364526	Primary bone dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93599	Primary hyperoxaluria type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93598	Primary hyperoxaluria type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_364536	Primary bone dysplasia with micromelia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_364531	Primary bone dysplasia with progressive ossification of skin, skeletal muscle, fascia, tendons and ligaments
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363203	Ring chromosome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352563	Infantile hypertrophic cardiomyopathy due to MRPL44 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_211037	Autosomal dominant proximal spinal muscular atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_364541	Frontootopalatodigital syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99764	Familial hyperreninemic hypoaldosteronism type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99763	Familial hyperreninemic hypoaldosteronism type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_182098	pneumoconiosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98434	Hereditary combined deficiency of vitamin K-dependent clotting factors
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268758	Lumbosacral spina bifida cystica
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268752	Thoracolumbosacral spina bifida cystica
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280403	Familial omphalocele syndrome with facial dysmorphism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85110	Familial encephalopathy with neuroserpin inclusion bodies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401948	Hyperammonemic encephalopathy due to carbonic anhydrase VA deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85112	Palmoplantar keratoderma - XX sex reversal - predisposition to squamous cell carcinoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401942	Familial median cleft of the upper and lower lips
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280406	Familial steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome with sensorineural deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_278	Corticobasal degeneration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_277	Severe combined immunodeficiency due to adenosine deaminase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401945	Moyamoya disease with early-onset achalasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276	T-B+ severe combined immunodeficiency due to gamma chain deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_275	Severe combined immunodeficiency due to DCLRE1C deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_274	Bernard-Soulier syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_273	Steinert myotonic dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_272	Congenital muscular dystrophy, Fukuyama type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_270	Oculopharyngeal muscular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268744	Spina bifida cystica
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99776	Mosaic trisomy 9
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293725	Blepharophimosis-intellectual disability syndrome, Verloes type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268748	Total spina bifida cystica
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268740	Upper thoracic spina bifida aperta
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401935	14q24.1q24.3 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289	Ellis Van Creveld syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_288	Hereditary elliptocytosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_287	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, classic type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_286	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, vascular type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_285	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, hypermobility type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_282	Frontotemporal dementia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_281	Monosomy 5p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280	Wolf-Hirschhorn syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_182079	ARX-related epileptic encephalopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98455	Alpha granule disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98454	Platelet storage pool disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_182076	Syndromic neurometabolic disease with X-linked intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98456	Dense granule disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99789	Dentin dysplasia type I
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_182073	Syndromic neurometabolic disease with non-X-linked intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97120	Distal arthrogryposis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401923	9q31.1q31.3 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_298	Mitochondrial neurogastrointestinal encephalomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_296	Enchondromatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98464	X-linked syndromic intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99797	Anodontia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99796	Subcortical band heterotopia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99798	Oligodontia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_182083	Channelopathy with epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99791	Dentin dysplasia type II
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99792	Dentin dysplasia - sclerotic bones
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401911	AXIN2-related attenuated familial adenomatous polyposis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99723	Familial esophageal achalasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_182050	MYH9-related disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169085	Susceptibility to respiratory infections associated with CD8alpha chain mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169082	Combined immunodeficiency due to CD3gamma deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169079	Cernunnos-XLF deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_202940	Anomaly of puberty or/and menstrual cycle of genetic origin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401986	1p31p32 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_202948	Syndromic microphthalmia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99731	Isolated sulfite oxidase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99732	Sulfite oxidase deficiency due to molybdenum cofactor deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99735	Myotonia permanens
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99734	Myotonia fluctuans
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401979	Autosomal recessive spondylometaphyseal dysplasia, Mégarbané type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85146	Scapuloperoneal amyotrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99736	Acetazolamide-responsive myotonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401973	MEND syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99739	Rare familial disorder with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98408	Constitutional megaloblastic anemia due to folate metabolism disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99742	Amish lethal microcephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99741	King-Denborough syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98415	Vitamin B12- and folate-independent constitutional megaloblastic anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268770	Upper thoracic spina bifida cystica
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401964	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2 with giant axons
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85136	Cystic leukoencephalopathy without megalencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99749	Kostmann syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99750	Atypical progressive supranuclear palsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268766	Cervicothoracic spina bifida cystica
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_182043	Rare constitutional hemolytic anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169095	Alymphoid cystic thymic dysgenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_182040	Medullar aplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85128	Bothnia retinal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293707	Blepharophimosis-intellectual disability syndrome, MKB type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169090	Combined immunodeficiency due to CRAC channel dysfunction
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268762	Cervical spina bifida cystica
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401959	Partial corpus callosum agenesis-cerebellar vermis hypoplasia with posterior fossa cysts syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401953	Episodic ataxia with slurred speech
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98428	Secondary polycythemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217566	Chronic respiratory distress with surfactant metabolism deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217563	Neonatal acute respiratory distress with surfactant metabolism deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369852	Recurrent infections-myelofibrosis-nephromegaly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319595	Mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial diseases due to partial STAT1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_51188	Ethylmalonic encephalopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139507	African iron overload
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90790	Congenital lipoid adrenal hyperplasia due to STAR deficency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90791	Congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 3-beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_559	Marinesco-Sjögren syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_558	Marfan syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90797	Partial androgen insensitivity syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_557	Isolated anorectal malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90794	Classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_331232	Immunodeficiency with isotype or light chain deficiencies with normal number of B-cells
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90793	Congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 17-alpha-hydroxylase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295053	Amelia of upper limb, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228215	Genetic dermis elastic tissue disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90796	46,XY disorder of sex development due to isolated 17,20 lyase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_552	MODY
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90795	Congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 11-beta-hydroxylase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295051	Lower limb hypertrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_551	MERRF
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319589	Autosomal dominant mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial diseases due to partial IFNgammaR2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_550	MELAS
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295057	Amelia of lower limb, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_331235	Selective IgM deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295055	Amelia of upper limb, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217572	Glycogen storage disease with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295059	Amelia of lower limb, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99135	6-phosphogluconate dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369840	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2S
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139515	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4J
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99138	Hemolytic anemia due to erythrocyte adenosine deaminase overproduction
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139518	Distal hereditary motor neuropathy type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254519	Multiple congenital anomalies due to 14q32.2 maternally expressed gene defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139512	Neuropathy with hearing impairment
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369847	Intellectual disability-hyperkinetic movement-truncal ataxia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295061	Humeral agenesis/hypoplasia, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_569	Familial or sporadic hemiplegic migraine
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_568	Microphthalmia, Lenz type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_567	22q11.2 deletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_566	Congenital microcoria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295065	Femoral agenesis/hypoplasia, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254516	Motor developmental delay due to 14q32.2 paternally expressed gene defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_565	Menkes disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_564	Meckel syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295063	Humeral agenesis/hypoplasia, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_331220	Immunodeficiency due to absence of thymus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_562	McCune-Albright syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295069	Radial hemimelia, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_561	Marshall-Smith syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_331226	Autosomal recessive hyper-IgE syndrome due to TYK2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_560	Marshall syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_331223	Hyper-IgE syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295067	Femoral agenesis/hypoplasia, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217587	Mitochondrial disease with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319574	Autosomal recessive mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial diseases due to partial IFNgammaR2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369873	Obesity due to SIM1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183681	Functional neutrophil defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139525	Distal hereditary motor neuropathy type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295071	Radial hemimelia, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_579	Mucopolysaccharidosis type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_578	Mucolipidosis type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_577	Mucolipidosis type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_576	Mucolipidosis type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295075	Ulnar hemimelia, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_575	Muckle-Wells syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_574	Monosomy 21
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295073	Ulnar hemimelia, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217591	Fatty acid oxidation and ketogenesis disorder with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_573	Monilethrix
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_572	Immunodeficiency by defective expression of HLA class 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295079	Tibial hemimelia, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319569	Autosomal recessive mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial diseases due to partial IFNgammaR1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_570	Moebius syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295077	Tibial hemimelia, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217595	Syndrome associated with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_331217	Other immunodeficiency syndrome due to defects in adaptive immunity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319581	Autosomal dominant mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial diseases due to partial IFNgammaR1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369861	Congenital sideroblastic anemia-B-cell immunodeficiency-periodic fever-developmental delay syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_165805	Familial mesial temporal lobe epilepsy with febrile seizures
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369867	Autosomal recessive intermediate Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type C
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139536	Distal hereditary motor neuropathy type 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295083	Fibular hemimelia, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295081	Fibular hemimelia, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_588	Muscle-eye-brain disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295087	Congenital absence of upper arm and forearm with hand present, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_587	Muir-Torre syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_586	Cystic fibrosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295085	Congenital absence of upper arm and forearm with hand present, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_585	Multiple sulfatase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_584	Mucopolysaccharidosis type 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_583	Mucopolysaccharidosis type 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_582	Mucopolysaccharidosis type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295089	Congenital absence of thigh and lower leg with foot present, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_581	Mucopolysaccharidosis type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_580	Mucopolysaccharidosis type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217581	Lysosomal disease with hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_331206	Severe combined immunodeficiency due to complete RAG1/2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369891	Cardiac anomalies-developmental delay-facial dysmorphism syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183663	Hyper-IgM syndrome with susceptibility to opportunistic infections
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369894	Early infantile epileptic encephalopathy without suppression burst
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319552	Mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial diseases due to complete IL12RB1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183660	Severe combined immunodeficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369897	Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome, encephalomyopathic form with variable craniofacial anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171680	Lissencephaly due to TUBA1A mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169355	Immunodeficiency syndrome with autoimmunity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_599	Distal myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295010	Central polydactyly of toes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_598	Multiminicore myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_597	Central core disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_596	X-linked centronuclear myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_595	Centronuclear myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295014	Familial isolated clinodactyly of fingers
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_593	Myofibrillar myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319547	Mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial diseases due to complete IFNgammaR2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295012	Syndactyly type 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183669	Agammaglobulinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295018	Congenital pseudoarthrosis of the tibia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_590	Congenital myasthenic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295016	Camptodactyly of fingers
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183666	Hyper-IgM syndrome without susceptibility to opportunistic infections
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183675	Recurrent infections associated with rare immunoglobulin isotypes deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369881	2p21 microdeletion syndrome without cystinuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319563	Mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial diseases due to complete ISG15 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369886	Homozygous 2p21 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171690	Metabolic myopathy due to lactate transporter defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171695	Parkinsonian-pyramidal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169346	DNA repair defect other than combined T-cell and B-cell immunodeficiencies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295020	Congenital pseudoarthrosis of the femur
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295024	Congenital pseudoarthrosis of the radius
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319558	Mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial diseases due to complete IL12B deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295022	Congenital pseudoarthrosis of the fibula
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169349	Immuno-osseous dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295028	Tibio-fibular synostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183678	Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome with neutropenia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295026	Congenital pseudoarthrosis of the ulna
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183643	Genetic polyendocrinopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99104	Atrial septal defect, coronary sinus type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99103	Atrial septal defect, ostium secundum type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99106	Atrial septal defect, ostium primum type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99105	Atrial septal defect, sinus venosus type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254528	Maternal 14q32.2 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284385	Familial intrahepatic cholestasis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90776	46,XX disorder of sex development induced by fetal androgens excess
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228277	Familial anetoderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295032	Congenital elbow dislocation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295030	Congenital shoulder dislocation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254525	Paternal 14q32.2 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156071	Keratoconus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295036	Congenital patella dislocation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295034	Congenital knee dislocation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319524	Combined oxidative phosphorylation defect type 15
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295038	Patella aplasia/hypoplasia, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183654	Rare genetic coagulation disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183651	Rare constitutional anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319543	Autosomal dominant mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial diseases due to a partial deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_46627	Char syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90787	46,XY disorder of sex development due to testicular steroidogenesis defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254534	Maternal 14q32.2 hypermethylation syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90786	46,XY disorder of sex development due to adrenal and testicular steroidogenesis defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254531	Paternal 14q32.2 hypomethylation syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90783	46,XY disorder of sex development due to testosterone synthesis defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35981	Polymicrogyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169361	Immune dysregulation disease with immunodeficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295041	Patella aplasia/hypoplasia, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295047	Macrodactyly of toes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319535	Autosomal recessive mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial diseases due to a complete deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295044	Macrodactyly of fingers
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295049	Upper limb hypertrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319539	Autosomal recessive mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial diseases due to a partial deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_83619	Macrostomia - preauricular tags - external ophthalmoplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_158665	Basal epidermolysis bullosa simplex
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_158661	Suprabasal epidermolysis bullosa simplex
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284324	Childhood-onset autosomal recessive slowly progressive spinocerebellar ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_285657	Disorder of folate metabolism and transport
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247378	Autosomal recessive secondary polycythemia not associated with VHL gene
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_158668	Epidermolysis bullosa simplex due to plakophilin deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_83617	Agammaglobulinemia - microcephaly - craniosynostosis - severe dermatitis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156005	Primary glaucoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1475	Renal coloboma syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1473	Uveal coloboma - cleft lip and palate - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_172976	Congenital myopathy with cores
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1471	Coloboma of macula - brachydactyly type B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183628	Rare genetic hypothalamic or pituitary disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_33355	Reticular dysgenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1478	Interauricular communication
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183625	Rare genetic diabetes mellitus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1479	Atrial septal defect - atrioventricular conduction defects
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183622	Genetic respiratory malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183631	Rare genetic thyroid disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_45358	Congenital fibrosis of extraocular muscles
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284332	Infantile-onset autosomal recessive nonprogressive cerebellar ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1485	Arthrogryposis - hyperkeratosis, lethal form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1486	Lethal congenital contracture syndrome type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1484	Contractures - ectodermal dysplasia - cleft lip/palate
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284339	Pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1480	Ventricular septal defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183637	Rare genetic adrenal disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1487	Cooks syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183634	Rare genetic parathyroid disease and phosphocalcic metabolism disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1488	Cooper-Jabs syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_158687	Lethal acantholytic epidermolysis bullosa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_158684	Epidermolysis bullosa simplex with pyloric atresia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262995	Partial trisomy of the long arm of chromosome 20
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_158681	Epidermolysis bullosa simplex with circinate migratory erythema
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247353	Generalized pustular psoriasis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1496	Corpus callosum agenesis - neuronopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1497	X-linked complicated corpus callosum dysgenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171622	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 32
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1495	Intellectual disability - hypoplastic corpus callosum - preauricular tag
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1493	Vici syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1490	Corneal dystrophy - perceptive deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171629	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 35
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183607	Genetic lens and zonula anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314718	Lethal arteriopathy syndrome due to fibulin-4 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183601	Rare genetic refraction anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_158676	Dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa, nails only
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_158673	Acral dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295008	Postaxial polydactyly of toes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262986	Partial duplication of the long arm of chromosome 19
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261652	Kleefstra syndrome due to a point mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_508	Leprechaunism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_506	Leigh syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_505	Graham Little-Piccardi-Lassueur syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_503	Autosomal dominant Larsen syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314721	Atypical dentin dysplasia due to SMOC2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_502	Langer-Giedion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_501	Lafora disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_500	LEOPARD syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_33364	Trichothiodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183619	Genetic eye tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295002	Hyperphalangy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183616	Genetic neuro-ophthalmological disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295000	Constriction rings syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295006	Preaxial polydactyly of toes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295004	Central polydactyly of fingers
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99169	Epiblepharon
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2762	Progressive osseous heteroplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1431	Paroxysmal dyskinesia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2760	OSLAM syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_512	Metachromatic leukodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_511	Maple syrup urine disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_510	Lesch-Nyhan syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1438	Ring chromosome 10
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171607	X-linked spastic paraplegia type 34
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2769	Familial osteodysplasia, Anderson type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1439	Ring chromosome 12
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2768	Blount disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1436	Skeletal dysplasia - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1437	Ring chromosome 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2767	Carpotarsal osteochondromatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1434	Choroideremia - hypopituitarism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1435	Choroideremia - deafness - obesity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1433	Choroidal atrophy - alopecia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2763	Osteocraniostenosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99179	Kandori fleck retina
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314709	Primary localized amyloidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99171	Isolated congenital ectropion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99170	Tarsal kink syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99172	Euryblepharon
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_83648	X-linked recessive intellectual disability - macrocephaly - ciliary dysfunction
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_529	Roch-Leri mesosomatous lipomatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_528	Berardinelli-Seip congenital lipodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99177	Isolated distichiasis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99176	Congenital eyelid retraction
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1441	Ring chromosome 17
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2773	Osteogenesis imperfecta - retinopathy - seizures - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_526	Liddle syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2772	Congenital osteogenesis imperfecta - microcephaly - cataracts
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1442	Ring chromosome 18
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2771	Bruck syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_524	Li-Fraumeni syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171612	Autosomal dominant spastic paraplegia type 37
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1440	Ring chromosome 14
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2770	Nasu-Hakola disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_523	Hereditary leiomyomatosis and renal cell cancer
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_83642	Microcytic anemia with liver iron overload
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171617	Autosomal dominant spastic paraplegia type 38
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1449	Ring chromosome 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2779	Osteopathia striata - pigmentary dermopathy - white forelock
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1447	Ring chromosome 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1448	Ring chromosome 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2777	Osteomesopyknosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1445	Ring chromosome 21
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1446	Ring chromosome 22
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2776	Autosomal recessive distal osteolysis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1443	Ring chromosome 19
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1444	Ring chromosome 20
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2774	Multicentric carpo-tarsal osteolysis with or without nephropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314701	Primary systemic amyloidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399685	Rare male infertility due to testicular endocrine disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369837	Intellectual disability-seizures-hypotonia-ophthalmologic-skeletal anomalies syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_83639	Hypercoagulability syndrome due to glycosylphosphatidylinositol deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_538	Lymphangioleiomyomatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1452	Cleidocranial dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2783	Autosomal dominant osteopetrosis type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1453	Cleidorhizomelic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1450	Ring chromosome 8
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1451	CINCA syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2781	Osteopetrosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_534	Oculocerebrorenal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2780	Osteopathia striata - cranial sclerosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_531	Miller-Dieker syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_530	Lipoid proteinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1458	CODAS syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2789	Lateral meningocele syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2788	Osteoporosis - pseudoglioma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2787	Osteoporosis - macrocephaly - blindness - joint hyperlaxity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2786	Osteoporosis - oculocutaneous hypopigmentation syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1454	Joubert syndrome with hepatic defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2785	Osteopetrosis with renal tubular acidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_83629	Leukoencephalopathy - metaphyseal chondrodysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_83628	PELVIS syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_331240	Immunodeficiency with severe reduction in serum IgG and IgA with normal/elevated IgM and normal number of B-cells
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2792	Otofaciocervical syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2791	Otodental syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1460	Isolated CoQ-cytochrome C reductase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2790	Autosomal dominant osteosclerosis, Worth type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_331244	Other immunodeficiency syndrome with predominantly antibody defects
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_83620	Congenital malabsorptive diarrhea due to paucity of enteroendocrine cells
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_540	Familial hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2798	Pachygyria - intellectual disability - epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1465	Coffin-Siris syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_331249	Immunodeficiency syndrome with hypopigmentation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1466	COFS syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2796	Pachydermoperiostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300179	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, kyphoscoliotic and deafness type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1519	Hypertelorism, Teebi type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289176	Autosomal recessive hypophosphatemic rickets
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2849	Perlman syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1517	Hypertrichotic osteochondrodysplasia, Cantu type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_402082	Progressive myoclonic epilepsy type 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261600	Alagille syndrome due to 20p12 microdeletion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209024	Qualitative or quantitative defects of protein O-mannose beta1,2N-acetylglucosaminyltransferase
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363741	Colobomatous microphthalmia-obesity-hypogenitalism-intellectual disability syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1515	Cranioectodermal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2847	Pericardial and diaphragmatic defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262932	Partial duplication of the long arm of chromosome 13
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1516	Craniofacial dyssynostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1513	Craniodiaphyseal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1514	Craniodigital syndrome - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2843	Pentosuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1512	Crane-Heise syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2841	Familial benign chronic pemphigus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2840	Pelvic dysplasia - arthrogryposis of lower limbs
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_402075	Familial bicuspid aortic valve
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199241	Pulmonary capillary hemangiomatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1528	Craniotelencephalic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1529	Craniofacial-deafness-hand syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199247	Corticosteroid-binding globulin deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209033	Qualitative or quantitative defects of protein O-mannosyltransferase 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209030	Qualitative or quantitative defects of protein O-mannosyltransferase 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2850	Alopecia-intellectual disability syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209027	Qualitative or quantitative defects of protein glycosyltransferase-like
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95699	Congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to cytochrome P450 oxidoreductase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1527	Craniosynostosis, Philadelphia type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2856	Persistent Müllerian duct syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1524	Craniomicromelic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262923	Partial duplication of the long arm of chromosome 11
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1525	Cranio-osteoarthropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2855	Perrault syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2854	Fuhrmann syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1522	Craniometaphyseal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1520	Craniofrontonasal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1521	Craniofrontonasal dysplasia - Poland anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209047	Qualitative or quantitative defects of filamin C
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_250923	Isolated aniridia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209044	Qualitative or quantitative defects of alphaB-cristallin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209041	Qualitative or quantitative defects of desmin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1530	Craniosynostosis - cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314795	SHOX-related short stature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209038	Qualitative or quantitative defects of myofibrillar proteins
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2869	Peutz-Jeghers syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1538	Craniosynostosis - Dandy-Walker malformation - hydrocephalus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2868	Short stature - valvular heart disease - characteristic facies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2867	Short stature, Brussels type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1535	Craniosynostosis - dysmorphism - brachydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2866	Short stature - deafness - neutrophil dysfunction - dysmorphism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2865	Short stature - webbed neck - heart disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1533	Craniosynostosis - fibular aplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262914	Partial duplication of the long arm of chromosome 10
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2863	Short stature - wormian bones - dextrocardia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1531	Craniosynostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1532	Gómez-López-Hernández syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209050	Qualitative or quantitative defects of protein ZASP
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_250932	Autosomal dominant optic atrophy and peripheral neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209059	Qualitative or quantitative defects of alpha-actin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209056	Qualitative or quantitative defects of telethonin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325448	Leydig cell hypoplasia due to LHB deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209053	Qualitative or quantitative defects of titin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1540	Jackson-Weiss syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2872	Cardiocranial syndrome, Pfeiffer type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2871	Pfeiffer-Palm-Teller syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1541	Craniosynostosis, Boston type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1548	Cryptorchidism - arachnodactyly - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2879	Phocomelia, Schinzel type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2878	Phocomelia - ectrodactyly - deafness - sinus arrhythmia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1547	Cryptomicrotia - brachydactyly - excess fingertip arch
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2876	PHAVER syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1545	Crisponi syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2875	Phakomatosis pigmentovascularis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2874	Phakomatosis pigmentokeratotica
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262905	Partial trisomy of the long arm of chromosome 9
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2809	Familial recurrent peripheral facial palsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2805	Partial pancreatic agenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2804	W syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_250989	1q21.1 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261647	Okihiro syndrome due to a point mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_250984	Autosomal recessive Stickler syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2802	X-linked sideroblastic anemia with ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262977	Partial trisomy of the long arm of chromosome 18
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2801	Juvenile Paget disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2819	Spastic paraplegia - facial-cutaneous lesions
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2818	Spastic paraplegia - glaucoma - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2816	Spastic paraplegia - epilepsy - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2815	Spastic paraparesis - deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_250999	1q41q42 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261638	Okihiro syndrome due to 20q13 microdeletion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_250994	1q21.1 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_260305	Autosomal recessive sideroblastic anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2812	Parana hard-skin syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262968	Partial duplication of the long arm of chromosome 17
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289157	Hypocalcemic vitamin D-dependent rickets
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262950	Partial duplication of the long arm of chromosome 15
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2828	Young adult-onset Parkinsonism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2826	Spastic paraplegia - precocious puberty
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261629	Alagille syndrome due to a NOTCH2 point mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2825	PARC syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2824	Paraplegia - intellectual disability - hyperkeratosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2823	Paraplegia - brachydactyly - cone-shaped epiphysis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2822	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 11
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2821	Spastic paraplegia - neuropathy - poikiloderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2820	Spastic paraplegia - nephritis - deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262959	Partial trisomy of the long arm of chromosome 16
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1508	Coxoauricular syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1509	Coxopodopatellar syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2839	Pelvis-shoulder dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1506	Thin ribs - tubular bones - dysmorphism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262941	Partial duplication of the long arm of chromosome 14
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1507	Autosomal recessive Robinow syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2837	Pellagra-like skin rash - neurological manifestations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_250977	AICA-ribosiduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261619	Alagille syndrome due to a JAG1 point mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_250972	Polymicrogyria with optic nerve hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2836	PEHO syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1505	Short rib-polydactyly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2834	Wrinkly skin syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2833	Stiff skin syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2832	Short tarsus - absence of lower eyelashes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2831	Rhizomelic dysplasia, Patterson-Lowry type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_52503	X-linked creatine transporter deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_89839	Epidermolysis bullosa simplex superficialis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228184	Heart-hand syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_89838	KRT14-related epidermolysis bullosa simplex
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139589	Distal hereditary motor neuropathy type 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280763	Severe intellectual disability and progressive spastic paraplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228179	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2M
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_89832	Syndromic lymphedema
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319623	X-linked mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial diseases due to CYBB deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289103	Hypocalcemic rickets
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163209	Non-syndromic cerebral malformation due to abnormal neuronal migration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319640	Retinal macular dystrophy type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228174	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2N
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228169	Autosomal dominant striatal neurodegeneration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308993	Glycerol kinase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_64542	Acrofacial dysostosis, Kennedy-Teebi type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_52530	Pseudo-von Willebrand disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77830	Rare genetic odontologic disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319600	Mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial diseases due to partial IRF8 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_51208	Formiminoglutamic aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319605	X-linked mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial diseases
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228190	Patent ductus arteriosus - bicuspid aortic valve - hand anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77828	Genetic obesity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319612	X-linked mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial diseases due to IKBKG deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_102283	Multiple congenital anomalies/dysmorphic syndrome-intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75234	Cholesteryl ester storage disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75233	Wolman disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139547	Distal spinal muscular atrophy type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363705	Craniofaciofrontodigital syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363700	Neurofibromatosis type 1 due to NF1mutation or intragenic deletion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139557	X-linked distal spinal muscular atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139552	Distal hereditary motor neuropathy, Jerash type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363717	Alexander disease type I
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363710	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 37
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_63259	Iniencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139564	Hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type 1B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363727	X-linked dyserythropoetic anemia with abnormal platelets and neutropenia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363722	Alexander disease type II
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139578	Hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy with spastic paraplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139573	Hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy with deafness and global delay
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_89842	Recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa-generalized other
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_89841	Centripetalis recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_89840	Junctional epidermolysis bullosa, non-Herlitz type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139583	X-linked hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy with deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_89844	Lissencephaly syndrome, Norman-Roberts type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_89843	Dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa pruriginosa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99003	Multifocal pattern dystrophy simulating fundus flavimaculatus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99002	Reticular dystrophy of the retinal pigment epithelium
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284282	Autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia-epilepsy-intellectual disability syndrome due to WWOX deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183586	Genetic glomerular disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369970	Microcornea-myopic chorioretinal atrophy-telecanthus syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99004	Fundus pulverulentus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183583	Genetic head and neck malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183580	Genetic malformation syndrome with odontal and/or periodontal component
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369979	Finger hyperphalangy-toe anomalies-severe pectus excavatum syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99001	Butterfly-shaped pigment dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284289	Adult-onset autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99000	Adult-onset foveomacular vitelliform dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_437	Hypophosphatemic rickets
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_436	Hypophosphatasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_435	Ito hypomelanosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90673	Hypothyroidism due to TSH receptor mutations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_432	Normosmic congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231742	Epibulbar lipodermoid - preauricular appendage - polythelia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90674	Isolated thyroid-stimulating hormone deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_330029	Hypotrichosis-deafness syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183589	Genetic thrombotic microangiopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370968	Congenital muscular dystrophy with intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99014	X-linked Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183598	Rare genetic palpebral, lacrimal system and conjunctival disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99013	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99015	Spastic paraplegia type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183595	Genetic renal tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369962	Methylmalonic acidemia with homocystinuria, type cblX
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183592	Genetic renal tubular disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99012	Autosomal recessive optic atrophy, OPA6 type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_448	Hemophilia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_447	Paroxysmal nocturnal hemoglobinuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_446	Neonatal hemochromatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_444	Marie Unna hereditary hypotrichosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_442	Congenital hypothyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_440	Familial hypospadias
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370953	Congenital muscular dystrophy due to dystroglycanopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370959	Congenital muscular dystrophy with cerebellar involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217467	Hereditary thrombophilia due to congenital histidine-rich (poly-L) glycoprotein deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370980	Congenital muscular dystrophy without intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99027	Adult-onset autosomal dominant leukodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369992	Severe dermatitis-multiple allergies-metabolic wasting syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139406	Encephalopathy due to prosaposin deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369999	Diffuse palmoplantar keratoderma with painful fissures
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99022	Niemann-Pick disease type E
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_457	Harlequin ichthyosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90695	Panhypopituitarism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_455	Superficial epidermolytic ichthyosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_65683	Isolated focal cortical dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_452	X-linked lissencephaly with abnormal genitalia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_65682	Benign recurrent intrahepatic cholestasis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183576	Genetic branchial arch or oral-acral syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217454	Rare hereditary thrombophilia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183573	Genetic overgrowth/obesity syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183570	Genetic malformation syndrome with short stature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139411	Carney triad
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_469	Hereditary fructose intolerance
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_467	Non-acquired combined pituitary hormone deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_466	Fatal familial insomnia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_465	Congenital plasminogen activator inhibitor type 1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_464	Incontinentia pigmenti
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_461	Recessive X-linked ichthyosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183542	Genetic cranial malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319671	Microcephalic primordial dwarfism, Alazami type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_34528	Autosomal dominant primary hypomagnesemia with hypocalciuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319675	Microcephalic primordial dwarfism, Dauber type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284247	Familial retinal arterial macroaneurysm
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228140	Idiopathic ventricular fibrillation, not Brugada type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1397	Cerebellum agenesis - hydrocephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90635	Autosomal dominant non-syndromic sensorineural deafness type DFNA
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1396	Cerebro-reno-digital syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1393	Cerebro-costo-mandibular syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_478	Kallmann syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1394	Cerebro-facio-thoracic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_477	KID syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_475	Joubert syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_474	Jeune syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_34521	Distal myopathy with early respiratory muscle involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_34520	Congenital muscular dystrophy with integrin alpha-7 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_34527	Familial primary hypomagnesemia with normocalciuria and normocalcemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35858	Gräsbeck-Imerslund disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_470	Lysinuric protein intolerance
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183548	Genetic visceral malformation of the liver, biliary tract, pancreas or spleen
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_34526	Familial primary hypomagnesemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90636	Autosomal recessive non-syndromic sensorineural deafness type DFNB
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1399	Richards-Rundle syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183545	Genetic digestive tract malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183554	Genetic respiratory or mediastinal malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_34517	Autosomal dominant limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 1E
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90646	Deafness - hypogonadism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_488	Urachal cyst
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_487	Krabbe disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90642	Syndromic genetic deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_486	Autosomal dominant severe congenital neutropenia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90641	Mitochondrial non-syndromic sensorineural deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_485	Kniest dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_483	Congenital high-molecular-weight kininogen deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319678	Encephalopathy - hypertrophic cardiomyopathy - renal tubular disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370997	Muscle-eye-brain disease with bilateral multicystic leucodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_34516	Autosomal dominant limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 1D
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_481	Kennedy disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_34515	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2I
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_480	Kearns-Sayre syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90647	Jervell and Lange-Nielsen syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_34514	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2G
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183557	Genetic developmental defect of the eye
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183521	Rare genetic movement disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319651	Constitutional megaloblastic anemia with severe neurologic disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_51083	Familial short QT syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308998	Disorder of glyoxylate metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_51084	Torsade-de-pointes syndrome with short coupling interval
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90654	Stickler syndrome type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90650	Otopalatodigital syndrome type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_498	Keratosis pilaris atrophicans
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90653	Stickler syndrome type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90652	Otopalatodigital syndrome type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_495	Transgrediens et progrediens palmoplantar keratoderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_494	Keratoderma hereditarium mutilans
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319646	PGM-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183527	Genetic bone tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_493	Familial keratoacanthoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90658	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1E
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35878	Hyperinsulinism-hyperammonemia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183524	Rare genetic bone disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183533	Genetic multiple congenital anomalies/dysmorphic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284271	Autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia - psychomotor retardation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183530	Rare genetic developmental defect during embryogenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_34533	Corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183539	Genetic renal or urinary tract malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183536	Genetic congenital limb malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183500	Genetic neurodegenerative disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325511	46,XY disorder of sex development due to cholesterol synthesis defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399786	Male infertility with spermatogenesis disorder due to single gene mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262896	Partial duplication of the long arm of chromosome 8
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157215	Hereditary hypophosphatemic rickets with hypercalciuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1354	Heart defects - limb shortening
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247262	Hyperphosphatasia-intellectual disability syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71518	Benign paroxysmal torticollis of infancy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1352	Atrioventricular defect - blepharophimosis -radial defects
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206701	Bulbospinal muscular atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1350	Heart-hand syndrome type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2680	Hypomyelination neuropathy - arthrogryposis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99092	Interventricular septum aneurysm
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183509	Rare genetic headache
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206707	Bulbospinal muscular atrophy of adult
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1359	Carney complex
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183506	Genetic central nervous system malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206704	Bulbospinal muscular atrophy of children
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1358	Carey-Fineman-Ziter  syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71517	Rapid-onset dystonia-parkinsonism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183503	Genetic central nervous system and retinal vascular disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1355	Heart defect - round face - congenital developmental delay
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2686	Cyclic neutropenia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262887	Partial duplication of the long arm of chromosome 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99094	Laubry-Pezzi syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99096	Multiple ventricular septal defects
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99095	Gerbode defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261552	Mowat-Wilson syndrome due to a ZEB2 point mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99097	Single ventricular septal defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206710	Generalized bulbospinal muscular atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206713	Distal spinal muscular atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1361	Carnosinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261559	Blepharophimosis - epicanthus inversus - ptosis due to 3q23 microdeletion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2690	Neutropenia - monocytopenia - deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183518	Rare hereditary ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1368	Cataract - ataxia - deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183515	Rare genetic medullar disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1369	Congenital cataract - hypertrophic cardiomyopathy - mitochondrial myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2699	Median nodule of the upper lip
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2698	Knuckle pads-leukonychia-sensorineural deafness-palmoplantar hyperkeratosis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1366	Autosomal recessive palmoplantar keratoderma and congenital alopecia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2697	Arthrogryposis - renal dysfunction - cholestasis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183512	Rare genetic epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399764	Male infertility due to gonadal dysgenesis or sperm disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_46532	Hereditary persistence of fetal hemoglobin - beta-thalassemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369913	Combined oxidative phosphorylation defect type 17
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1375	Cataract - hypertrichosis - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1376	Congenital cataract - ichthyosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1373	Cataract - aberrant oral frenula - growth delay
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262878	Partial duplication of the long arm of chromosome 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_34587	Glycogen storage disease due to LAMP-2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1377	Cataract-microcornea syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399775	Male infertility with spermatogenesis disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262860	Partial duplication of the long arm of chromosome 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261534	49,XXXYY syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1390	Night blindness - skeletal anomalies - dysmorphism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369902	Orofaciodigital syndrome type 14
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284232	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2O
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399771	Male infertility due to sperm disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1387	Cataract - intellectual disability - hypogonadism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1383	Cataract - deafness - hypogonadism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261537	Mowat-Wilson syndrome due to monosomy 2q22
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1380	Cataract - nephropathy - encephalopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1381	Cataract - intellectual disability - anal atresia - urinary defects
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262869	Partial trisomy of the long arm of chromosome 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1388	Catel-Manzke syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1389	Cortical blindness - intellectual disability - polydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99047	Double outlet right ventricle with doubly committed ventricular septal defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99046	Double outlet right ventricle with non-committed subpulmonary ventricular septal defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289098	Disorders of vitamin D metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1319	Camptobrachydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217407	Hereditary hypotrichosis with recurrent skin vesicles
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99043	Double outlet right ventricle, Fallot type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99042	Congenitally uncorrected transposition of the great arteries with coarctation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99045	Double outlet right ventricle with subpulmonary ventricular septal defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99044	Double outlet right ventricle with subaortic ventricular septal defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369939	Severe motor and intellectual disabilities-sensorineural deafness-dystonia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2641	Micromelic dwarfism, Fryns type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1310	Caffey disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370927	SSR4-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2649	Short stature - intellectual disability - eye anomalies - cleft lip/palate
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370921	STT3A-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1318	Campomelia, Cumming type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2646	Parastremmatic dwarfism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2645	Osteoglophonic dwarfism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2643	Microcephalic primordial dwarfism, Toriello type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314811	Short stature due to GHSR deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370924	STT3B-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369920	Pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 9
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_409	Hyperkeratosis lenticularis perstans
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_408	Isolated glycerol kinase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_407	Glycine encephalopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_34592	Immunodeficiency by defective expression of HLA class 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_405	Familial hypocalciuric hypercalcemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369929	Aldosterone-producing adenoma with seizures and neurological abnormalities
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_330050	Lethal encephalopathy due to mitochondrial and peroxisomal fission defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404	Familial hyperaldosteronism type II
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2650	Dwarfism - intellectual disability - eye abnormality
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_403	Familial hyperaldosteronism type I
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_330054	Congenital cataract - progressive muscular hypotonia - hearing loss - developmental delay
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1328	Camurati-Engelmann disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2658	Lenz-Majewski hyperostotic dwarfism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1326	Camptodactyly syndrome, Guadalajara type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1327	Camptodactyly syndrome, Guadalajara type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1325	Camptodactyly - taurinuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2655	Thanatophoric dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2653	Osteochondrodysplatic nanism - deafness - retinitis pigmentosa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314822	Primary renal tubular acidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369950	Intellectual disability-seizures-macrocephaly-obesity syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369955	Methylmalonic acidemia with homocystinuria, type cblJ
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_419	Hyperprolinemia type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261584	Familial adenomatous polyposis due to 5q22.2 microdeletion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_418	Congenital adrenal hyperplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_417	Neonatal severe primary hyperparathyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1331	Familial prostate cancer
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2663	Nathalie syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_416	Primary hyperoxaluria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2662	Keipert syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_415	Hyperornithinemia-hyperammonemia-homocitrullinuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_414	Gyrate atrophy of choroid and retina
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_330041	Autosomal dominant methemoglobinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_413	Hyperlipoproteinemia type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_412	Hyperlipoproteinemia type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_411	Hyperlipoproteinemia type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231720	Non-acquired combined pituitary hormone deficiency with spine abnormalities
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370943	Autism spectrum disorder-epilepsy-arthrogryposis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2669	Nephrosis - deafness - urinary tract - digital malformations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1338	Heart defect-tongue hamartoma-polysyndactyly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2668	Nephropathy-deafness-hyperparathyroidism syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1335	Cantrell pentalogy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1336	Hyperkeratosis-hyperpigmentation syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2666	Adult familial nephronophthisis - spastic quadriparesia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1333	Familial pancreatic carcinoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1334	Chronic mucocutaneous candidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_369942	CADDS
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_429	Hypochondroplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261572	Blepharophimosis - epicanthus inversus - ptosis due to a point mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_428	Autosomal dominant hypocalcemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1342	Heart-hand syndrome type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2674	Cyprus facial-neuromusculoskeletal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_427	Familial hypoaldosteronism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2673	Neurofaciodigitorenal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1340	Cardiofaciocutaneous syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71529	Obesity due to melanocortin 4 receptor deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_425	Apolipoprotein A-I deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370938	Salt-and-pepper syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2671	Neu-Laxova syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_424	Familial hyperthyroidism due to mutations in TSH receptor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2670	Pierson syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_423	Malignant hyperthermia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_330032	Hemoglobin Lepore - beta-thalassemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_422	Idiopathic and/or familial pulmonary arterial hypertension
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261579	Blepharophimosis - epicanthus inversus - ptosis due to polyA expansion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370933	ST3GAL5-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370930	XYLT1-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1349	Maternally-inherited cardiomyopathy and hearing loss
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2679	Infantile axonal neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2678	Neurofibromatosis type 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71528	Obesity due to prohormone convertase I deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314802	Short stature due to partial GHR deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2676	Neuroectodermal-endocrine syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1344	Atrial stand still
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1345	Cardiomyopathy - cataract - hip spine disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71526	Obesity due to pro-opiomelanocortin deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300298	Severe congenital hypochromic anemia with ringed sideroblasts
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2729	Okamoto syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2728	Blepharophimosis-intellectual disability syndrome, Ohdo type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262812	Partial trisomy/tetrasomy of the short arm of chromosome 18
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2724	Odontomatosis - aortae esophagus stenosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2723	Odontotrichomelic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2722	Odonto-onycho dysplasia - alopecia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2721	Odonto-onycho-dermal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1409	Woolly hair - hypotrichosis - everted lower lip - outstanding ears
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1408	Hair defect - photosensitivity - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2736	Lethal omphalocele-cleft palate syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1406	Charlie M syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324262	Autosomal recessive congenital cerebellar ataxia due to MGLUR1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399839	Rare female infertility due to a congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262803	Partial duplication of the short arm of chromosome 17
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2733	Omodysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2732	Olivopontocerebellar atrophy - deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2731	Taurodontia - absent teeth - sparse hair
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2730	Postaxial tetramelic oligodactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_211240	Genetic vascular anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2749	Oromandibular-limb hypogenesis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399808	Male infertility with teratozoospermia due to single gene mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2746	Opsismodysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1414	Cholestasis-lymphedema syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399805	Male infertility with azoospermia or oligozoospermia due to single gene mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2745	Opitz G/BBB syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2744	Horizontal gaze palsy with progressive scoliosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1412	Tarsal-carpal coalition syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2743	Ophthalmoplegia - intellectual disability - lingua scrotalis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1410	Uncombable hair syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2741	Ophthalmomandibulomelic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1429	Benign familial chorea
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300284	Connective tissue disorder due to lysyl hydroxylase-3 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399813	Male infertility due to sperm motility disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2751	Orofaciodigital syndrome type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2750	Orofaciodigital syndrome type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1420	Lethal chondrodysplasia, Moerman type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1427	Otospondylomegaepiphyseal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2759	Imperforate oropharynx - costo vetebral anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300293	Transient infantile hypertriglyceridemia and hepatosteatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1428	Familial chondromalacia patellae
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1425	Desbuquois syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1426	Greenberg dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2756	Orofaciodigital syndrome type 10
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2755	Orofaciodigital syndrome type 8
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1423	Lethal recessive chondrodysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2754	Joubert syndrome with orofaciodigital defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2753	Orofaciodigital syndrome type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1421	Lethal chondrodysplasia, Seller type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1422	Chondrodysplasia - disorder of sex development
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2752	Orofaciodigital syndrome type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262851	Partial duplication of the long arm of chromosome 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_26106	Familial gastric cancer
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261529	Ring chromosome Y
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261524	Paternal uniparental disomy of chromosome X
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399877	Female infertility due to gonadal dysgenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325546	Sex chromosome disorder of sex development
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262842	Partial duplication of the long arm of chromosome 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261519	Maternal uniparental disomy of chromosome X
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_53739	Distal hereditary motor neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2709	Oculodental syndrome, Rutherfurd type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2707	Oculocerebrofacial syndrome, Kaufman type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399846	Rare disorder with female infertility due to a congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261501	Atypical Norrie disease due to monosomy Xp11.3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_41751	Bietti crystalline dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2704	Ochoa syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262833	Partial duplication of the long arm of chromosome 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2701	Noonan syndrome-like disorder with loose anagen hair
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325524	Classic congenital lipoid adrenal hyperplasia due to STAR deficency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2719	Oculocerebral hypopigmentation syndrome, Cross type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2718	Oculotrichodysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2717	Oculotrichoanal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2716	Oculo-skeletal-renal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325529	Non-classic congenital lipoid adrenal hyperplasia due to STAR deficency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2714	Oculo-palato-cerebral syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_53719	Wyburn-Mason syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2713	Oculoosteocutaneous syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2712	Oculofaciocardiodental syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2710	Oculodentodigital dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_53715	Tumoral calcinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314889	Autosomal dominant proximal renal tubular acidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293955	Childhood encephalopathy due to thiamine pyrophosphokinase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293958	Hypertelorism-preauricular sinus-punctual pits-deafness syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_52430	Inclusion body myopathy with Paget disease of bone and frontotemporal dementia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140459	Autosomal recessive hereditary demyelinating motor and sensory neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_307766	Curly hair-acral keratoderma-caries syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268994	Isolated focal cortical dysplasia type II
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280640	Occipital pachygyria and polymicrogyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306436	Congenital sucrase-isomaltase deficiency with starch intolerance
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_65748	Multiple keratoacanthoma, Ferguson-Smith type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139466	SERKAL syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254346	19p13.12 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_65743	Autosomal dominant multiple pterygium syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139471	Microphthalmia with brain and digit anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_307773	Autosomal dominant diffuse mutilating palmoplantar keratoderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140456	Autosomal dominant hereditary axonal motor and sensory neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254343	Autosomal recessive spastic ataxia - optic atrophy - dysarthria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140453	Autosomal dominant hereditary demyelinating motor and sensory neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140450	Hereditary motor and sensory neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268987	Isolated focal cortical dysplasia type Ic
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217399	Congenital insensitivity to pain with hyperhidrosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293964	Hypoinsulinemic hypoglycemia and body hemihypertrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293967	Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism-severe microcephaly-sensorineural hearing loss-dysmorphism syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268980	Isolated focal cortical dysplasia type Ib
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306446	Congenital sucrase-isomaltase deficiency with minimal starch tolerance
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139474	17q11.2 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280651	Acrodysostosis with multiple hormone resistance
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_65759	Carpenter syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_65753	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280654	Autosomal recessive nail dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139480	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 39
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231692	Isolated growth hormone deficiency type III
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140468	Autosomal recessive distal hereditary motor neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140465	Autosomal dominant distal hereditary motor neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254351	Distal 7q11.23 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140462	X-linked recessive hereditary axonal motor and sensory neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293978	Deficiency in anterior pituitary function-variable immunodeficiency syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280663	Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome type 9
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139485	Autosomal recessive ataxia due to ubiquinone deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268973	Isolated focal cortical dysplasia type Ia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_65720	Arthrogryposis - severe scoliosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140471	Hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139491	Hemochromatosis type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140477	Autosomal recessive hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140474	Autosomal dominant hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293987	Rapid-onset childhood obesity - hypothalamic dysfunction - hypoventilation - autonomic dysregulation syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268961	Isolated focal cortical dysplasia type I
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280671	Congenital muscular dystrophy due to phosphatidylcholine biosynthesis defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140481	Autosomal dominant slowed nerve conduction velocity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254334	Autosomal recessive intermediate Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280679	Moyamoya disease - short stature - facial dysmorphism - hypergonadotropic hypogonadism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_52429	Branchio-otic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_52427	Retinitis punctata albescens
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293910	Familial isolated arrhythmogenic ventricular dysplasia, right dominant form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_165707	Syndromic urogenital tract malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293925	Lethal occipital encephalocele-skeletal dysplasia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_65798	Goodman syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280615	Hemoglobinopathy Toms River
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293936	EDICT syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140436	Primary intraosseous vascular malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139447	Progressive cavitating leukoencephalopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293939	Distal Xq28 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139441	Hypomyelination with atrophy of basal ganglia and cerebellum
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139444	Leukoencephalopathy with bilateral anterior temporal lobe cysts
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139450	Microtia - eye coloboma - imperforation of the nasolacrimal duct
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280620	Progressive myoclonic epilepsy type 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254361	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2Q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280628	Familial progressive hyper- and hypopigmentation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324294	T-cell immunodeficiency with epidermodysplasia verruciformis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324290	Early-onset Lafora body disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35909	Combined deficiency of factor V and factor VIII
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293948	1p21.3 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_307711	Disease with diffuse palmoplantar keratoderma as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_139455	Autosomal recessive bestrophinopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280633	Multiple congenital anomalies - hypotonia - seizures syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_320342	Pure or complex autosomal dominant spastic paraplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_240103	Progressive supranuclear palsy - corticobasal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_398173	Focal facial dermal dysplasia type II
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75391	Immunodeficiency with natural-killer cell deficiency and adrenal insufficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_320346	Pure or complex autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254749	Tricarboxylic acid cycle disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308698	Glycogen storage disease due to glycogen branching enzyme deficiency, childhood neuromuscular form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99361	Familial medullary thyroid carcinoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75392	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, periodontitis type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_799	Schizencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_798	Schinzel-Giedion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254746	Pyruvate metabolism disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_797	Sarcoidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_796	Sandhoff disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_794	Saethre-Chotzen syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_792	X-linked retinoschisis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_791	Retinitis pigmentosa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_790	Retinoblastoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_240112	Progressive supranuclear palsy - progressive non fluent aphasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_320332	X-linked pure spastic paraplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75389	Brain malformation - congenital heart disease - postaxial polydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_320335	Pure or complex hereditary spastic paraplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75382	Oguchi disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_398189	Focal facial dermal dysplasia type IV
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75381	Cystoid macular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254758	Mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation disorder due to mitochondrial DNA anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75377	Central areolar choroidal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75376	Familial drusen
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98056	Rare genetic renal disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75374	Bradyopsia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319332	Autosomal recessive myogenic arthrogryposis multiplex congenita
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75378	Oligocone trichromacy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75373	Progressive bifocal chorioretinal atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_398156	Oculoauriculofrontonasal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98054	Rare genetic cardiac disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101109	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 28
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101108	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 23
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308684	Glycogen storage disease due to glycogen branching enzyme deficiency, childhood combined hepatic and myopathic form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101104	Marin-Amat syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101101	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2B2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101102	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2H
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319328	Inherited renal cancer-predisposing syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319340	Carney complex-trismus-pseudocamptodactyly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_398166	Focal facial dermal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_320317	Cleft lip/palate - ectodermal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101112	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 26
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101110	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 20
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101111	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 25
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99324	Paternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 13
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308655	Glycogen storage disease due to glycogen branching enzyme deficiency, fatal perinatal neuromuscular form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254788	Maternally-inherited mitochondrial myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99329	48,XYYY syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99330	49,XYYYY syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308670	Glycogen storage disease due to glycogen branching enzyme deficiency, congenital neuromuscular form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254793	Mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation disorder due to a duplication of mitochondrial DNA
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308638	Glycogen storage disease due to glycogen branching enzyme deficiency, non progressive hepatic form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_33572	5-oxoprolinase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_33573	Gamma-glutamyl transpeptidase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254767	Mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation disorder due to a large-scale single deletion of mitochondrial DNA
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_33574	Gamma-glutamylcysteine synthetase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254776	Mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation disorder due to a point mutation of mitochondrial DNA
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101150	Autosomal recessive dopa-responsive dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295219	Radio-ulnar synostosis, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295217	Radio-ulnar synostosis, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_718	Isolated Pierre Robin syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171881	Cap myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156249	Larynx anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_716	Phenylketonuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_715	Glycogen storage disease due to muscle phosphorylase kinase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_714	Hemolytic anemia due to diphosphoglycerate mutase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_713	Glycogen storage disease due to phosphoglycerate kinase 1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171886	Cylindrical spirals myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_712	Hemolytic anemia due to glucophosphate isomerase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_711	Glycogen storage disease due to phosphoglucomutase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_710	Pfeiffer syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171889	Myopathy with hexagonally cross-linked tubular arrays
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404538	X-linked distal hereditary motor neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295211	Humero-radial synostosis, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295215	Humero-ulnar synostosis, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295213	Humero-ulnar synostosis, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295229	Congenital genu recurvatum
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156237	Syndrome or malformation associated with head and neck malformations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_726	Alpers syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_725	Continuous spikes and waves during sleep
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_722	Hypoplasminogenemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_721	Gray platelet syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_720	Pili bifurcati
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295223	Madelung deformity, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71862	Retinal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295221	Madelung deformity, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404521	Spinal muscular atrophy with respiratory distress type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295227	Congenital elbow dislocation, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295225	Congenital elbow dislocation, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295239	Macrodactyly of fingers, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247598	Neonatal intrahepatic cholestasis due to citrin deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_739	Prader-Willi syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_738	Porphyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171860	Intellectual disability - cataracts - kyphosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_737	Porokeratosis plantaris palmaris et disseminata
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_229720	Syndromic agammaglobulinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_735	Porokeratosis of Mibelli
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171863	Autosomal dominant spastic paraplegia type 42
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_734	Alpha delta granule deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71859	Rare genetic neurological disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_733	Familial adenomatous polyposis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171866	Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, aggrecan type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_731	Autosomal recessive polycystic kidney disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295234	Congenital patella dislocation, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295232	Congenital genu flexum
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295237	Congenital patella dislocation, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_320391	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 46
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156252	Tracheal anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_320396	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 45
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261893	Partial deletion of the short arm of chromosome 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_749	Congenital prekallikrein deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171871	Renal pseudohypoaldosteronism type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_748	Mendelian susceptibility to mycobacterial diseases
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_746	Mitochondrial trifunctional protein deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_745	Hereditary thrombophilia due to congenital protein C deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93218	Sporadic idiopathic steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome with focal segmental hyalinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_744	Proteus syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171876	Generalized pseudohypoaldosteronism type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93217	Familial idiopathic steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome with diffuse mesangial sclerosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_743	Hereditary thrombophilia due to congenital protein S deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93216	Familial idiopathic steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome with minimal changes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_742	Prolidase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295241	Macrodactyly of fingers, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93214	Familial idiopathic steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome with diffuse mesangial proliferation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_740	Hutchinson-Gilford progeria syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93213	Familial idiopathic steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome with focal segmental hyalinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_229717	Isolated agammaglobulinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295245	Macrodactyly of toes, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295243	Macrodactyly of toes, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404584	Rare genetic bone development disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_320380	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 54
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_320385	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 49
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254704	Genetic hyperferritinemia without iron overload
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156207	Macroglossia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98074	Gonadal dysgenesis of gynecological interest
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156202	Otomandibular dysplasia associated with monogenic syndromes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_758	Pseudoxanthoma elasticum
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_757	Pseudohypoaldosteronism type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_756	Pseudohypoaldosteronism type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_755	Leydig cell hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1670	Chronic diarrhea with villous atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228410	Polyvalvular heart disease syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_754	Androgen insensitivity syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171844	Blindness-scoliosis-arachnodactyly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1671	Diastematomyelia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228415	5q35 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_753	46,XY disorder of sex development due to 5-alpha-reductase 2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_752	46,XY disorder of sex development due to 17-beta-hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 3 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_750	Pseudoachondroplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171848	Polyneuropathy - hearing loss - ataxia - retinitis pigmentosa - cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_70589	Bronchopulmonary dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228418	Microcephaly - seizures - developmental delay
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1677	Familial idiopathic dilatation of the right atrium
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404577	Genetic syndrome with limb malformations as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404574	Genetic syndrome with limb reduction defects
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1675	Dihydropyrimidine dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_320370	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 43
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404571	Dysostosis of genetic origin with limb anomaly as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_320375	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 55
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98086	46,XY disorder of sex development due to a defect in testosterone metabolism by peripheral tissue
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_769	Rabson-Mendenhall syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171851	MEDNIK syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98087	Syndrome with 46,XY disorder of sex development
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_768	Familial long QT syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_766	Hemolytic anemia due to red cell pyruvate kinase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_765	Pyruvate dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_763	Pycnodysostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228402	2q23.1 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_760	Purine nucleoside phosphorylase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404568	Dysostosis of genetic origin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_320360	Maternally-inherited spastic paraplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_216452	Postlingual non-syndromic genetic deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404560	Familial atypical multiple mole melanoma syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_320365	Autosomal dominant spastic paraplegia type 36
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98095	Autosomal recessive congenital cerebellar ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98097	Autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia due to a DNA repair defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98096	Autosomal recessive metabolic cerebellar ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156224	Paralytic facial malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98099	Autosomal recessive syndromic cerebellar ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98098	Autosomal recessive degenerative and progressive cerebellar ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_778	Rett syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1695	Non-distal trisomy 10q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_777	X-linked non-syndromic intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1692	Mosaic trisomy 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_776	X-linked intellectual disability with marfanoid habitus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_775	X-linked intellectual disability, Martinez type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_774	Hereditary hemorrhagic telangiectasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_773	Refsum disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_772	Infantile Refsum disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171829	6q16 deletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1698	Mosaic trisomy 12
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1699	Trisomy 12p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_320350	Pure or complex X-linked spastic paraplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295209	Humero-radial synostosis, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156212	Hypoglossia/aglossia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295207	Humero-radio-ulnar synostosis, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_216445	Prelingual non-syndromic genetic deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_320355	Autosomal dominant spastic paraplegia type 41
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156215	Oromandibular-limb anomalies syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228423	Monocytopenia with susceptibility to infections
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228426	Syndromic multisystem autoimmune disease due to Itch deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_786	Glucocorticoid resistance
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171836	Amelogenesis imperfecta and gingival hyperplasia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_783	Rubinstein-Taybi syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_782	Axenfeld-Rieger syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295201	Congenital vertical talus, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171839	Craniosynostosis - hydrocephalus - Arnold-Chiari malformation type I - radioulnar synostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228429	Generalized congenital lipodystrophy with myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295205	Humero-radio-ulnar synostosis, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295203	Congenital vertical talus, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1759	Thoraco-abdominal enteric duplication
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93267	Cloverleaf skull - multiple congenital anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261841	Partial deletion of chromosome 19
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93262	Crouzon syndrome - acanthosis nigricans
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93260	Pfeiffer syndrome type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314575	Intellectual disability-hypotonia-brachycephaly-pyloric stenosis-cryptorchidism syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261846	Partial deletion of chromosome 20
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93269	Short rib-polydactyly syndrome, Majewski type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314572	Autosomal recessive leukoencephalopathy with ischemic stroke-retinitis pigmentosa syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93268	Short rib-polydactyly syndrome, Beemer-Langer type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1757	Fibular dimelia - diplopodia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171929	Trisomy 10p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1756	Caudal duplication
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404499	Autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia-epilepsy-intellectual disability syndrome due to KIAA0226 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1752	Trisomy 8q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93270	Short rib-polydactyly syndrome, Saldino-Noonan type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404493	Autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia-epilepsy-intellectual disability syndrome due to TUD deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247546	Acute neonatal citrullinemia type I
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261831	Partial deletion of chromosome 17
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93277	Monostotic fibrous dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93276	Polyostotic fibrous dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93274	Thanatophoric dysplasia type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93271	Short rib-polydactyly syndrome, Verma-Naumoff type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314588	Distal tetrasomy 15q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261836	Partial deletion of chromosome 18
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314585	15q overgrowth syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93279	Mild spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia due to COL2A1 mutation with early-onset osteoarthritis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1768	Familial caudal dysgenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1766	Dysequilibrium syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1764	Familial dysautonomia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1765	Dyschondrosteosis - nephritis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1762	Trisomy Xq28
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404481	Autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia-epilepsy-intellectual disability syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247511	Autosomal dominant secondary polycythemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363528	Intellectual disability-strabismus syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93284	Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia tarda
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93283	Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia, Kimberley type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93282	Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, Pakistani type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363523	Hypohidrosis-enamel hypoplasia-palmoplantar keratoderma-intellectual disability syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1772	45,X/46,XY mixed gonadal dysgenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314555	Craniofacial dysplasia-osteopenia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261826	Partial deletion of chromosome 16
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1770	Gonadal dysgenesis, XY type - associated anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261821	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 12
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1779	Dysmorphism - cleft palate - loose skin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1777	Temtamy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1778	Facial dysmorphism - shawl scrotum - joint laxity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1775	Dyskeratosis congenita
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404476	Global developmental delay-lung cysts-overgrowth-Wilms tumor syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404473	Severe intellectual disability-progressive spastic diplegia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_70592	Immunodeficiency due to interleukin-1 receptor-associated kinase-4 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_70594	Dopa-responsive dystonia due to sepiapterin reductase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_70593	Immunodeficiency due to selective anti-polysaccharide antibody deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_70595	Sensory ataxic neuropathy - dysarthria - ophthalmoparesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247525	Citrullinemia type I
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247522	Primary ciliary dyskinesia - retinitis pigmentosa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93299	Achondrogenesis type 1A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93298	Achondrogenesis type 1B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93297	Hypochondrogenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93296	Achondrogenesis type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93293	Okihiro syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1782	Dysosteosclerosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363534	Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome, hepatocerebrorenal form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261816	Partial deletion of chromosome 11
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276066	Bile acid CoA ligase deficiency and defective amidation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261811	Partial deletion of chromosome 10
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276061	Genetic frontotemporal degeneration with dementia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1788	Acrofacial dysostosis, Rodríguez type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404469	Female infertility due to fertilization defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1786	Acrofacial dysostosis, Catania type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_404466	Female infertility due to zona pellucida defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1787	Acrofacial dysostosis, Palagonia type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1784	Acro-fronto-facio-nasal dysostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289377	Early-onset myopathy with fatal cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1717	Distal trisomy 19q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1715	Trisomy 18p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1716	Distal trisomy 18q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_64739	Ovarian hyperstimulation syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93222	Sporadic idiopathic steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome with diffuse mesangial proliferation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93221	Sporadic idiopathic steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome with minimal changes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261884	Partial deletion of the short arm of chromosome 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93220	Sporadic idiopathic steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome with diffuse mesangial sclerosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247573	Adult-onset citrullinemia type I
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_64734	Iridocorneal endothelial syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363543	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy due to desmin deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1713	17p11.2 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289380	Myosclerosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363540	Leukoencephalopathy with mild cerebellar ataxia and white matter edema
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1711	Mosaic trisomy 17
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1727	22q11.2 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261875	Partial deletion of the short arm of chromosome 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_808	Seckel syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_64749	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_806	Scott syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_805	Tuberous sclerosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_64746	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247585	Citrullinemia type II
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_64748	Dejerine-Sottas syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247582	Citrin deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_64747	X-linked Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_800	Schwartz-Jampel syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1724	Mosaic trisomy 20
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1723	Mosaic trisomy 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1738	Trisomy 4p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_819	Smith-Magenis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_818	Smith-Lemli-Opitz syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_817	Peeling skin syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_816	Sjögren-Larsson syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_813	Silver-Russell syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_812	Sialidosis type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_811	Shwachman-Diamond syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261866	Partial deletion of the short arm of chromosome 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93256	Fragile X-associated tremor/ataxia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_828	Stickler syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_827	Stargardt disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_823	Isolated spina bifida
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_822	Hereditary spherocytosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_821	Sotos syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261857	Partial deletion of the short arm of chromosome 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93259	Pfeiffer syndrome type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93258	Pfeiffer syndrome type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1747	Mosaic trisomy 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1745	Distal trisomy 6p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1742	Trisomy 5p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_63446	Acrocapitofemoral dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_63440	Isolated oxycephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_63442	Angel-shaped phalango-epiphyseal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99413	Turner syndrome due to structural X chromosome anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_240071	Classical progressive supranuclear palsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_63454	Patterned dystrophy of the retinal pigment epithelium
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308712	Glycogen storage disease due to glycogen branching enzyme deficiency, adult neuromuscular form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_64753	Spinocerebellar ataxia with axonal neuropathy type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_64752	Hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_64755	Becker nevus syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_64754	Nevus comedonicus syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_64751	Hereditary motor and sensory neuropathy type 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99429	Complete androgen insensitivity syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1708	Mosaic trisomy 16
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289365	Familial vesicoureteral reflux
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1706	Mosaic trisomy 15
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1707	Distal trisomy 15q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1705	Distal trisomy 14q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209203	Qualitative or quantitative defects of glucosamine (UDP-N-acetyl)-2-epimerase/N-acetylmannosamine kinase -
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1702	Non-distal trisomy 13q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1703	Mosaic trisomy 14
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209224	Qualitative or quantitative defects of myotilin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261806	Partial deletion of chromosome 9
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261801	Partial deletion of chromosome 8
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276058	Genetic neurodegenerative disease with dementia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_164736	Familial advanced sleep-phase syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289307	Developmental delay due to methylmalonate semialdehyde dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_364803	Rare bone disease related to a common gene or pathway defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_364817	Aggrecan-related bone disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_240085	Progressive supranuclear palsy - parkinsonism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314597	Chudley-McCullough syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_240094	Progressive supranuclear palsy - pure akinesia with gait freezing
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_364820	TRPV4-related bone disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_5	Long chain 3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_8	47,XYY syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_9	Tetrasomy X
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_6	Isolated 3-methylcrotonyl-CoA carboxylase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_7	3C syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_177901	Prader-Willi syndrome due to paternal deletion of 15q11q13 type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228340	CLN4A disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295171	Central polydactyly of fingers, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_679	Malignant atrophic papulosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_177904	Prader-Willi syndrome due to paternal deletion of 15q11q13 type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_678	Papillon-Lefèvre syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101008	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 28
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101009	Autosomal dominant spastic paraplegia type 29
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_676	Hereditary chronic pancreatitis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101006	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 26
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295175	Preaxial polydactyly of toes, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_675	Annular pancreas
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101007	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 27
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_674	Accessory pancreas
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101004	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 24
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_177907	Prader-Willi syndrome due to translocation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295173	Central polydactyly of fingers, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228337	CLN10 disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101005	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 25
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_672	Pallister-Hall syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295179	Postaxial polydactyly of toes, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101003	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 23
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101000	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 20
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295177	Preaxial polydactyly of toes, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101001	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 21
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319487	Familial papillary or follicular thyroid carcinoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319480	Acute myeloid leukemia with CEBPA somatic mutations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_177910	Prader-Willi syndrome due to imprinting mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_46724	Cerebral arteriovenous malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295181	Postaxial polydactyly of toes, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295185	Central polydactyly of toes, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_685	Hereditary spastic paraplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_684	Paramyotonia congenita of Von Eulenburg
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101016	Romano-Ward syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295183	Central polydactyly of toes, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_683	Progressive supranuclear palsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_682	Hyperkalemic periodic paralysis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295189	Zygodactyly type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_681	Hypokalemic periodic paralysis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228329	CLN1 disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101011	Autosomal dominant spastic paraplegia type 31
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295187	Zygodactyly type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101010	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 30
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228360	CLN5 disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228363	CLN6 disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295193	Zygodactyly type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228357	CLN9 disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228354	CLN8 disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295191	Zygodactyly type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_699	Pearson syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295197	Synpolydactyly type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295195	Synpolydactyly type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_63260	Craniorachischisis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_63261	HERNS syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295199	Synpolydactyly type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319462	Inherited cancer-predisposing syndrome due to biallelic BRCA2 mutations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75249	Familial isolated restrictive cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319465	Inherited acute myeloid leukemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228346	CLN3 disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228343	CLN4B disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228349	CLN2 disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_63273	Distal myopathy with posterior leg and anterior hand involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101050	Familial hypocalciuric hypercalcemia type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228384	5q14.3 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295130	Brachydactyly of fingers, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101049	Familial hypocalciuric hypercalcemia type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101046	Autosomal dominant epilepsy with auditory features
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295134	Brachydactyly of toes, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295132	Brachydactyly of toes, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_102373	Primary glomerular disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101042	Taussig-Bing syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295138	Symbrachydactyly of hand and foot, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101041	Familial hypofibrinogenemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295136	Symbrachydactyly of hand and foot, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156156	Lipoatrophy with diabetes, leukomelanodermic papules, liver steatosis, and hypertrophic cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_320411	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 56
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228374	Severe early-onset axonal neuropathy due to NEFL deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156159	Isolated dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169467	Recurrent Neisseria infections due to factor D deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169464	Primary CD59 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228366	CLN7 disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295142	Hyperphalangy, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295140	Hyperphalangy, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295146	Polydactyly of a biphalangeal thumb, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295144	Polydactyly of a biphalangeal thumb, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295148	Polydactyly of a triphalangeal thumb, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101052	Microlissencephaly type B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183763	Rare genetic intellectual disability with developmental anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99226	Monosomy X
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99228	Mosaic monosomy X
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_320401	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 44
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_320406	Spastic paraplegia-optic atrophy-neuropathy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_279943	Hereditary neutrophilia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228399	8q12 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101028	Transaldolase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101029	Sub-cortical nodular heterotopia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295152	Polydactyly of an index finger, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295150	Polydactyly of a triphalangeal thumb, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101022	Mediterranean macrothrombocytopenia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295154	Polydactyly of an index finger, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295159	Polysyndactyly, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183770	Rare genetic immune disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228390	Frontonasal dysplasia with alopecia and genital anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228396	Ptosis - upper ocular movement limitation - absence of lacrimal punctum
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228387	Spondylo-megaepiphyseal-metaphyseal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101039	Female restricted epilepsy with intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_279934	Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome, hepatocerebral form due to DGUOK deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295163	Postaxial polydactyly type A, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295161	Polysyndactyly, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_33445	Neuroectodermal melanolysosomal disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295167	Postaxial polydactyly type B, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101033	Peters anomaly - cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295165	Postaxial polydactyly type A, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101030	Subependymal nodular heterotopia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295169	Postaxial polydactyly type B, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95720	Thyroid hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217607	Familial dilated cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1596	Distal monosomy 15q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_331193	Other immunodeficiency syndromes due to defects in innate immunity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1590	Distal monosomy 13q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1597	Distal monosomy 17q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1598	Monosomy 18p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295107	Apodia, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_609	Tibial muscular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261796	Partial deletion of chromosome 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_607	Nemaline myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_606	Proximal myotonic myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_331190	Immunodeficiency due to ficolin3 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261791	Partial deletion of chromosome 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_603	Distal myopathy, Welander type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206953	Muscular lipidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_331184	Constitutional neutropenia with extra-haematopoietic manifestations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_602	Distal myopathy, Nonaka type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314621	Duplication of the pituitary gland
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_600	Distal myopathy with vocal cord weakness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_331187	Immunodeficiency due to MASP-2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295101	Acheiria, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314629	CLN11 disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183757	Rare genetic intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295105	Apodia, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206959	Muscular glycogenosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295103	Acheiria, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295118	Adactyly of foot, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217622	Sensorineural deafness with dilated cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261786	Partial deletion of chromosome 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_45448	Miyoshi myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_618	Familial melanoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_617	Congenital primary megaureter
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261781	Partial deletion of chromosome 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_615	Familial atrial myxoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_614	Thomsen and Becker disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_612	Potassium-aggravated myotonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206966	Mitochondrial myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_610	Bethlem myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_331176	Autosomal recessive severe congenital neutropenia due to G6PC3 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295112	Congenital absence/hypoplasia of thumb, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295110	Congenital absence/hypoplasia of thumb, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295116	Adactyly of foot, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295114	Congenital absence/hypoplasia of fingers excluding thumb, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183731	Rare genetic gynecological and obstetrical diseases
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217610	Neuromuscular disease with dilated cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217613	Mitochondrial disease with dilated cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261776	Partial deletion of chromosome 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217616	Fatty acid oxidation and ketogenesis disorder with dilated cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_629	Short stature due to growth hormone qualitative anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_628	Diastrophic dwarfism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261771	Partial deletion of chromosome 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_627	Nance-Horan syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_626	Large congenital melanocytic nevus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217619	Syndrome associated with dilated cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_624	Familial multiple nevi flammei
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_622	Homocystinuria without methylmalonic aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169443	Specific antibody deficiency with normal immunoglobulin concentrations and normal numbers of B cells
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_621	Hereditary methemoglobinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295120	Split hand, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_620	Common mesentery
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206970	Myotonic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_206973	Congenital myotonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295124	Split foot, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295122	Split hand, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295128	Brachydactyly of fingers, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183734	Genetic gynecological tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314603	Autosomal recessive spastic ataxia with leukoencephalopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169446	Autosomal recessive hyper-IgE syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295126	Split foot, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_402041	Autosomal recessive distal renal tubular acidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199296	Congenital isolated ACTH deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_638	Neurofibromatosis-Noonan syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_637	Neurofibromatosis type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1551	Familial benign copper deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_636	Neurofibromatosis type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2882	Sitosterolemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1552	Currarino triad
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284408	Glycerol kinase deficiency, infantile form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_634	Netherton syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2880	Phosphoenolpyruvate carboxykinase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_633	Laron syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171723	White sponge nevus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_632	Short stature due to isolated growth hormone deficiency with X-linked hypogammaglobulinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_631	Non-acquired isolated growth hormone deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183707	Neutrophil immunodeficiency syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2889	Pili torti
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2888	Pierre Robin syndrome - faciodigital anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1555	Cutis gyrata - acanthosis nigricans - craniosynostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2886	TARP syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2885	Piebald trait - neurologic defects
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1553	Curry-Jones syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2884	Piebaldism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199282	Harlequin syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199285	Hereditary hypercarotenemia and vitamin A deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217635	Familial restrictive cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284411	Glycerol kinase deficiency, juvenile form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217638	Lysosomal disease with restrictive cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284414	Glycerol kinase deficiency, adult form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_649	Norrie disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_648	Noonan syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1562	Dacryocystitis - osteopoikilosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2894	Pilotto syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_647	Nijmegen breakage syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1563	Dahlberg-Borer-Newcomer syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_646	Niemann-Pick disease type C
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2892	Pilodental dysplasia - refractive errors
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1561	Fatal infantile cytochrome C oxidase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2891	Pili torti - developmental delay - neurological abnormalities
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_644	NARP syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2890	Pili torti - onychodysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_643	Giant axonal neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_642	Hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_640	Hereditary neuropathy with liability to pressure palsies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284417	Phosphoserine aminotransferase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1568	X-linked intellectual disability - Dandy-Walker malformation - basal ganglia disease - Seizures
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2899	Brachyolmia-amelogenesis imperfecta syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2898	X-linked intellectual disability - plagiocephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1566	Dandy-Walker malformation - postaxial polydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183713	Pyogenic bacterial infections due to MyD88 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2897	Pityriasis rubra pilaris
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2896	Pitt-Hopkins syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_183710	Genetic susceptibility to infections due to particular pathogens
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319494	Familial nonmedullary thyroid carcinoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199276	Familial multiple lipomatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199279	Familial angiolipomatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_659	Mutilating palmoplantar keratoderma with periorificial keratotic plaques
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1573	Hypotrichosis with juvenile macular degeneration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1574	Retinal degeneration - nanophthalmos - glaucoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_657	Congenital isolated hyperinsulinism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1571	Knobloch syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_656	Familial idiopathic steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1572	Common variable immunodeficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_655	Nephronophthisis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_654	Nephroblastoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1570	Symbrachydactyly of hands and feet
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_653	Multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171703	Microcephaly - polymicrogyria - corpus callosum agenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284426	Glycogen storage disease due to lactate dehydrogenase M-subunit deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_652	Multiple endocrine neoplasia type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_650	LCAT deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171706	Short stature-delayed bone age due to thyroid hormone metabolism deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95700	Familial adrenal hypoplasia with absent pituitary luteinizing hormone
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171709	Male infertility due to globozoospermia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95702	Cytomegalic congenital adrenal hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1578	Dehydratase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1576	Infantile bilateral striatal necrosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_217656	Familial isolated arrhythmogenic right ventricular dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284435	Glycogen storage disease due to lactate dehydrogenase H-subunit deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_669	Otopalatodigital syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95719	Thyroid hemiagenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228302	Carnitine palmitoyl transferase II deficiency, myopathic form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_667	Autosomal recessive malignant osteopetrosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_666	Osteogenesis imperfecta
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1580	Distal monosomy 10p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_665	Albright hereditary osteodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228305	Carnitine palmitoyl transferase II deficiency, severe infantile form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1581	Non-distal monosomy 10q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_664	Ornithine transcarbamylase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171714	Amish infantile epilepsy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_663	Maternally-inherited progressive external ophthalmoplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_661	Ondine syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95710	Non-acquired premature ovarian failure
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95711	Congenital hypothyroidism due to developmental anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_171719	Cutis laxa-Marfanoid syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95712	Thyroid ectopia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95713	Athyreosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_228308	Carnitine palmitoyl transferase II deficiency, neonatal form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95714	Primary congenital hypothyroidism without thyroid developmental anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95716	Familial thyroid dyshormonogenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_402003	Autosomal dominant focal non-epidermolytic palmoplantar keratoderma with plantar blistering
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1587	Monosomy 13q14
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_46	Adenylosuccinate lyase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325357	46,XY disorder of sex development due to impaired androgen production
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_47	X-linked agammaglobulinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_48	Congenital bilateral absence of vas deferens
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_210133	Leukonychia totalis - acanthosis-nigricans-like lesions - abnormal hair
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2969	Proteus-like syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_40	Acromesomelic dysplasia, Maroteaux type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_41	Dyschromatosis symmetrica hereditaria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_42	Medium chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_43	X-linked adrenoleukodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_44	Neonatal adrenoleukodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_45	Adenosine monophosphate deaminase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363623	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2T
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314697	Acquired porencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1636	Distal monosomy 7q36
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2968	Leukocyte adhesion deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2967	Protein R deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2966	Properdin deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2964	Autosomal dominant prognathism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2963	Progeroid syndrome, Petty type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2962	De Barsy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_57	Glycogen storage disease due to aldolase A deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_58	Alexander disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325345	46,XY ovotesticular disorder of sex development
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_59	Allan-Herndon-Dudley syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_210122	Congenital alveolar capillary dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_50	Aicardi syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_51	Aicardi-Goutières syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_52	Alagille syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_53	Albers-Schönberg osteopetrosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_210128	Urocanic aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_54	X-linked recessive ocular albinism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_55	Oculocutaneous albinism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_56	Alkaptonuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2971	Peroxisomal acyl-CoA oxidase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2970	Prune belly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1647	Oculocerebrocutaneous syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2978	Chronic intestinal pseudoobstruction
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1646	Partial chromosome Y deletion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2976	Pseudoleprechaunism syndrome, Patterson type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2975	46,XX disorder of sex development - skeletal anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1643	Xp22.3 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2973	46,XX disorder of sex development - anorectal anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1642	Distal monosomy 9p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2972	Non-eruption of teeth - maxillary hypoplasia - genu valgum
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_24	Fumaric aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93160	Hypocalcemic vitamin D-resistant rickets
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_25	Glutaryl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_26	Methylmalonic acidemia with homocystinuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_27	Vitamin B12-unresponsive methylmalonic acidemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_28	Vitamin B12-responsive methylmalonic acidemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199351	Adult-onset dystonia-parkinsonism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_29	Mevalonic aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199354	CARASIL
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_20	3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaric aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363649	Mandibular hypoplasia-deafness-progeroid syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_22	4-hydroxybutyric aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_23	Argininosuccinic aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2980	Acro-oto-ocular syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1658	Absence of fingerprints - congenital milia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2989	Pterygium of the conjunctiva, familial form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2988	Pterygium colli - intellectual disability - digital anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1657	Dermatoosteolysis, Kirghizian type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2987	Antecubital pterygium syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1654	Natal teeth - intestinal pseudoobstruction - patent ductus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1655	Müllerian derivatives - lymphangiectasia - polydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2985	Pseudoprogeria syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1652	Dent disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314679	Cerebro-facio-articular syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1653	Dentin dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2983	Disorder of sex development - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35	Propionic acidemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_36	Acrocallosal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_37	Acrodermatitis enteropathica
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_38	Acrokeratoelastoidosis of Costa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_70470	Hyperlipoproteinemia type 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_210141	Inherited congenital spastic tetraplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199340	Muscular dystrophy, Selcen type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_70472	Congenital lactic acidosis, Saguenay-Lac-Saint-Jean type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_210144	Lethal polymalformative syndrome, Boissel type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_70474	Leigh syndrome with cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199343	EAST syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93178	Partial prune belly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_30	Hereditary orotic aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_31	Oxoglutaricaciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199348	Thiamine-responsive encephalopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_32	Glutathione synthetase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363659	20q11.2 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_33	Isovaleric acidemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93173	Bilateral renal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93172	Unilateral renal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314689	Combined immunodeficiency due to STK4 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1661	X-linked corneal dermoid
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1662	Lethal restrictive dermopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1660	Dermo-odonto dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2990	Autosomal recessive multiple pterygium syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363654	X-linked parkinsonism-spasticity syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2999	Ptosis - strabismus - ectopic pupils
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1667	Wolcott-Rallison syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2997	Ptosis - vocal cord paralysis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2995	Baraitser-Winter syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2994	Short stature - craniofacial anomalies - genital hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209182	Qualitative or quantitative defects of nebulin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2929	Juvenile polyposis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2928	Polyneuropathy - intellectual disability - acromicria - premature menopause
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2926	Polyneuropathy - hand defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2925	Polymicrogyria - turricephaly - hypogenitalism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199332	Endocrine-cerebro-osteodysplasia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93101	Renal hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93100	Unilateral renal agenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209188	Qualitative or quantitative defects of emerin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199337	Pancreatic insufficiency - anemia - hyperostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209185	Qualitative or quantitative defects of beta-myosin heavy chain (MYH7)
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314655	5q31.3 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93108	Renal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314652	Autosomal dominant beta2-microglobulinic amyloidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363665	Acroosteolysis-keloid-like lesions-premature aging syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261766	Partial deletion of chromosome 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2924	Isolated polycystic liver disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2921	Preaxial polydactyly - colobomata - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2920	Oliver syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_13	6-pyruvoyl-tetrahydropterin synthase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209193	Qualitative or quantitative defects of selenoprotein N1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_14	Abetalipoproteinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_15	Achondroplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289266	Early-onset epileptic encephalopathy and intellectual disability due to GRIN2A mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_16	Blue cone monochromatism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_210163	Congenital lethal myopathy, Compton-North type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_17	Fatal infantile lactic acidosis with methylmalonic aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_18	Distal renal tubular acidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_19	2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1606	1p36 deletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93111	Renal cysts and diabetes syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209199	Qualitative or quantitative defects of protein SERCA1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93110	Posterior urethral valve
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199326	Isolated autosomal dominant hypomagnesemia, Glaudemans type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_10	48,XXYY syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_11	Pentasomy X
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209196	Qualitative or quantitative defects of plectin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199329	Congenital myopathy, Paradas type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314667	TMEM165-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363677	Childhood-onset autosomal recessive myopathy with external ophthalmoplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314662	Segmental progressive overgrowth syndrome with fibroadipose hyperplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93114	Autosomal dominant intermediate Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type E
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2935	Crossed polysyndactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2934	Polysyndactyly - cardiac malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1600	Monosomy 18q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2930	Cronkhite-Canada syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1617	2q24 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2947	Triphalangeal thumbs - brachyectrodactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199310	Tetragametic chimerism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199315	Familial clubfoot with or without associated lower limb anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199318	15q13.3 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314632	Parkinsonim due to ATP13A2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363686	Severe intellectual disability-poor language-strabismus-grimacing face-long fingers syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2946	Brachydactyly - long thumb
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363680	2p13.2 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314637	Mitochondrial hypertrophic cardiomyopathy with lactic acidosis due to MTO1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2940	Porencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2959	Progéria - short stature - pigmented nevi
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1627	Distal monosomy 5q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2958	X-linked intellectual disability - dysmorphism - cerebral atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_709	Peters plus syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_708	Peters anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_705	Pendred syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_702	Pelizaeus-Merzbacher disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_701	Alopecia universalis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_700	Alopecia totalis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2957	Guttmacher syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2956	Prata-Liberal-Goncalves syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363694	Hyperuricemia-pulmonary hypertension-renal failure-alkalosis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289290	Hypermethioninemia encephalopathy due to adenosine kinase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2953	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, musculocontractural type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1621	3q13 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2952	Adducted thumbs - arthrogryposis, Christian type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314647	Non-progressive cerebellar ataxia with intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2951	Absent thumb - short stature - immunodeficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1620	Distal monosomy 3p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2950	Triphalangeal thumb - polysyndactyly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101091	Hyper-IgM syndrome type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101092	Hyper-IgM syndrome type 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101090	Hyper-IgM syndrome type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88629	Tritanopia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88628	Posterior column ataxia - retinitis pigmentosa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319509	Combined oxidative phosphorylation defect type 9
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88621	Ichthyosis prematurity syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_165991	Exercise-induced hyperinsulinism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101088	X-linked hyper-IgM syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101089	Hyper-IgM syndrome type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319504	Combined oxidative phosphorylation defect type 8
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_165994	Selective pituitary resistance to thyroid hormone
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101084	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1D
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101085	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1F
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88618	Psychomotor retardation due to S-adenosylhomocysteine hydrolase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88616	Autosomal recessive non-syndromic intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88619	Familial acute necrotizing encephalopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319519	Combined oxidative phosphorylation defect type 14
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_165985	Diazoxide-sensitive diffuse hyperinsulinism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_319514	Combined oxidative phosphorylation defect type 13
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_165988	Diazoxide-resistant diffuse hyperinsulinism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101097	Autosomal recessive Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease with hoarseness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_49042	Dentinogenesis imperfecta
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101071	Unilateral hemispheric polymicrogyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2909	Rothmund-Thomson syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2908	Kindler syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2907	Hereditary acrokeratotic poikiloderma, Weary type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101070	Bilateral frontoparietal polymicrogyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2903	Familial spontaneous pneumothorax
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_89938	Infantile Bartter syndrome with sensorineural deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_89937	Autosomal dominant hypophosphatemic rickets
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_89936	X-linked hypophosphatemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90970	Primary lipodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101068	Congenital stromal corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2900	Leri pleonosteosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101063	Situs inversus totalis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101082	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101083	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1C
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2919	Orofaciodigital syndrome type 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101081	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2917	Polydactyly-myopia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2916	Postaxial polydactyly - dental and vertebral anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_37042	Immune dysregulation-polyendocrinopathy-enteropathy-X-linked syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2913	Polydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2911	Poland syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101077	X-linked Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101078	X-linked Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101075	X-linked Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101076	X-linked Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_82	Hereditary thrombophilia due to congenital antithrombin deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_83	Antley-Bixler syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_84	Fanconi anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85	Congenital dyserythropoietic anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86	Familial abdominal aortic aneurysm
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_87	Apert syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295093	Congenital absence of both forearm and hand, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295091	Congenital absence of thigh and lower leg with foot present, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90	Argininemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295097	Congenital absence of both lower leg and foot, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91	Aromatase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295095	Congenital absence of both forearm and hand, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_295099	Congenital absence of both lower leg and foot, bilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88661	Amelogenesis imperfecta
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88660	Pseudohyperaldosteronism type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93	Aspartylglucosaminuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95	Friedreich ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96	Ataxia with vitamin E deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88659	Autosomal dominant progressive nephropathy with hypertension
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97	Familial paroxysmal ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98	Autosomal recessive spastic ataxia of Charlevoix-Saguenay
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99	Autosomal dominant cerebellar ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_210110	Intermediate osteopetrosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_60	Alpha-1-antitrypsin deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_61	Alpha-mannosidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_62	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2D
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_210115	Sterile multifocal osteomyelitis with periostitis and pustulosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_63	Alport syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_64	Alström syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_65	Leber congenital amaurosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88643	Obesity - colitis - hypothyroidism - cardiac hypertrophy - developmental delay
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_177926	Symptomatic form of hemophilia A in female carriers
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88642	Channelopathy-associated congenital insensitivity to pain
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_177929	Symptomatic form of hemophilia B in female carriers
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_70	Proximal spinal muscular atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88644	Autosomal recessive ataxia, Beauce type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79	Congenital alpha2 antiplasmin deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75326	Retinal arterial tortuosity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75325	Osteosclerosis - ichthyosis - premature ovarian failure
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71	Chylomicron retention disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_72	Angelman syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88639	Neurodegeneration due to 3-hydroxyisobutyryl-CoA hydrolase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_73	Gorham-Stout disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88637	Hypomyelination - hypogonadotropic hypogonadism - hypodontia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77	Aniridia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363618	LMNA-related cardiocutaneous progeria syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88632	Familial ocular anterior segment mesenchymal dysgenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363611	Intellectual disability-feeding difficulties-developmental delay-microcephaly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_64686	Tolosa-Hunt syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88630	Terminal osseous dysplasia - pigmentary defects
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_88635	Myopathy due to calsequestrin and SERCA1 protein overload
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_75327	North Carolina macular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_313808	Hereditary diffuse leukoencephalopathy with axonal spheroids and pigmented glia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140976	RHYNS syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1078	Thumb stiffness - brachydactyly - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1077	Dental ankylosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391307	Severe intellectual disability-short stature-behavioral troubles-facial dysmorphism syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1074	Ankyloblepharon filiforme - imperforate anus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1072	Ankyloblepharon filiforme adnatum - cleft palate
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100033	Hypomaturation amelogenesis imperfecta
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100032	Hypocalcified amelogenesis imperfecta
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100034	Hypomaturation-hypoplastic amelogenesis imperfecta with taurodontism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90318	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_313800	Optic nerve edema-splenomegaly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100031	Hypoplastic amelogenesis imperfecta
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_52047	Braddock syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140989	Primary central nervous system vasculitis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1092	Renal-genital-middle ear anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251009	Maternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391311	Susceptibility to viral and mycobacterial infections
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_53372	Hereditary geniospasm
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90324	Cockayne syndrome type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1088	Short stature-heart defect-craniofacial anomalies syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90321	Cockayne syndrome type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100048	Tubular duplication of the esophagus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251004	Paternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391316	Infantile-onset mesial temporal lobe epilepsy with severe cognitive regression
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100047	Esophageal duplication cyst
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1083	Microlissencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1084	Isolated lissencephaly type 1 without known genetic defects
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90322	Cockayne syndrome type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100049	Primary interstitial lung disease specific to childhood due to pulmonary surfactant protein anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100044	Autosomal dominant intermediate Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100043	Autosomal dominant intermediate Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100046	Autosomal dominant intermediate Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type D
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100045	Autosomal dominant intermediate Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type C
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_53347	Brody myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140997	Orofaciodigital syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100015	Lissencephaly with cerebellar hypoplasia type E
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100014	Lissencephaly with cerebellar hypoplasia type D
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1094	Anonychia - microcephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100016	Lissencephaly with cerebellar hypoplasia type F
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100011	Lissencephaly with cerebellar hypoplasia type A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100013	Lissencephaly with cerebellar hypoplasia type C
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100012	Lissencephaly with cerebellar hypoplasia type B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163634	Maffucci syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90339	Rosselli-Gulienetti syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163631	Bile acid synthesis defect with cholestasis and malabsorption
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77304	Not NOTCH3-related small vessel disease of the brain
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77300	Auricular abnormalities - cleft lip with or without cleft palate - ocular abnormalities
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77301	Monosomy 9q22.3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_52022	Potocki-Shaffer syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77302	Oculo-oto-facial dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_53351	X-linked dystonia-parkinsonism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90340	Blau syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90349	Autosomal recessive cutis laxa type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90348	Autosomal dominant cutis laxa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90342	Xeroderma pigmentosum variant
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101351	Familial isolated congenital asplenia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140936	Lelis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140933	Linear atrophoderma of Moulin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391343	Fatal post-viral neurodegenerative disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1034	Amniotic bands
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1035	Encephalopathy due to beta-mercaptolactate-cysteine disulfiduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2364	Glycogen storage disease due to lactate dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1032	Hyperdibasic aminoaciduria type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2363	Lacrimoauriculodentodigital syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_48818	Aceruloplasminemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251038	3q29 microduplication
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391348	Growth and developmental delay-hypotonia-vision impairment-lactic acidosis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1031	Amelogenesis imperfecta - nephrocalcinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1037	Arthrogryposis multiplex congenita
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140944	CLOVE syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2380	Legg-Calvé-Perthes disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391351	SURF1-related Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2377	Laurence-Moon syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1046	Lethal hemolytic anemia - genital anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2375	Laryngeal abductor paralysis - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1044	Anemia due to adenosine triphosphatase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2374	Congenital laryngeal web
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251046	6p22 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2373	Congenital laryngomalacia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2371	Lethal Larsen-like syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1040	Metaphyseal anadysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2370	Larsen-like osseous dysplasia - short stature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140941	Short stature due to primary acid-labile subunit deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2379	Early-onset parkinsonism - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251043	Ring chromosome 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1048	Isolated anencephaly/exencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2378	Laurin-Sandrow syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140957	Autosomal dominant macrothrombocytopenia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263004	Partial duplication of the long arm of chromosome 22
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_52056	Ulnar/fibula ray defect - brachydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329336	Adult-onset chronic progressive external ophthalmoplegia with mitochondrial myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_52054	Craniosynostosis - intracranial calcifications
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_52055	Agenesis of the corpus callosum - intellectual disability - coloboma - micrognathia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2390	Lichstenstein syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251019	2q32q33 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391320	East Texas bleeding disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2388	Choreoacanthocytosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2387	Leukonychia totalis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2386	Leukoencephalopathy-palmoplantar keratoderma syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251014	2q31.1 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1052	Mosaic variegated aneuploidy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391327	X-linked calvarial hyperostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2382	Lennox-Gastaut syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1051	Ramos-Arroyo syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100054	Hereditary angioedema type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140952	Syndactyly - telecanthus - anogenital and renal malformations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100051	Hereditary angioedema type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100050	Hereditary angioedema type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1059	Blue rubber bleb nevus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329329	Autosomal recessive frontotemporal pachygyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100071	Mosaic trisomy 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100070	Progressive non-fluent aphasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140969	Saldino-Mainzer syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140966	Palmoplantar keratoderma, Nagashima type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329324	Inverse Klippel-Trénaunay syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1071	Ankyloblepharon - ectodermal defects - cleft lip/palate
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289601	Hereditary arterial and articular multiple calcification syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391330	X-linked osteoporosis with fractures
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_240371	Syndromic obesity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1067	Aniridia - ptosis - intellectual disability - familial obesity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2399	Nasopalpebral lipoma - coloboma - telecanthus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2398	Familial symmetric lipomatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1068	Aniridia-intellectual disability syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1065	Aniridia - cerebellar ataxia - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2396	Encephalocraniocutaneous lipomatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1063	Tufted angioma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1064	Aniridia - renal agenesis - psychomotor retardation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2394	Pyruvate dehydrogenase E3 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100069	Semantic dementia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90301	Acanthosis nigricans - Insulin resistance - muscle cramps - acral enlargement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1062	Hereditary neurocutaneous angioma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251028	2q33.1 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329332	Microcephaly-cerebellar hypoplasia-cardiac conduction defect syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140963	Bilateral microtia - deafness - cleft palate
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90307	Parkes Weber syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1069	Aniridia - absent patella
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90309	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90308	Klippel-Trénaunay syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300576	Oligodontia - cancer predisposition syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_181441	Rare disorder with hypergonadotropic hypogonadism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300573	Polymicrogyria due to TUBB2B mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300570	Cortical dysgenesis with pontocerebellar hypoplasia due to TUBB3 mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324540	Aphonia - deafness - retinal dystrophy - bifid halluces - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254905	Isolated cytochrome C oxidase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254902	Renal tubulopathy - encephalopathy - liver failure
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_959	Acro-renal-ocular syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90390	Anonychia - onychodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_958	Acro-renal-mandibular syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_957	Acropectorovertebral dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_956	Acro-pectoro-renal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2322	Kabuki syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169796	Moderately severe hemophilia B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_955	Acroosteolysis dominant type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_313884	12p12.1 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_952	Acrofacial dysostosis, Weyers type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169793	Severe hemophilia B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_950	Acrodysostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2329	Karsch-Neugebauer syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2328	Kapur-Toriello syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2326	Kallmann syndrome - heart disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2325	Epidermolysis bullosa simplex with anodontia/hypodontia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2324	Kaler-Garrity-Stern syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2323	Sanjad-Sakati syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169799	Mild hemophilia B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140905	Hyperlipidemia due to hepatic triglyceride lipase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254913	Isolated ATP synthase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140908	Brachydactyly type B2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324535	Combined oxidative phosphorylation defect type 11
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_969	Acromicric dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_968	Acromesomelic dysplasia, Hunter-Thomson type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1001	2q37 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2333	Kenny-Caffey syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168454	Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, Geneviève type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_966	Hypertrichosis-acromegaloid facial appearance syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2332	KBG syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_965	Acromegaloid facial appearance syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1000	Ocular albinism with late-onset sensorineural deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_313892	Developmental and speech delay due to SOX5 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168451	Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia - abnormal dentition
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2339	Keratosis follicularis - dwarfism - cerebral atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1008	Alopecia - epilepsy - pyorrhea - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2338	Isolated punctate palmoplantar keratoderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2337	Non-epidermolytic palmoplantar keratoderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1005	Alopecia-contractures-dwarfism-intellectual disability syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1006	Alopecia antibody deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1003	Scalp defects - postaxial polydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_356947	3q26q27 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2334	Autosomal dominant keratitis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168491	Late infantile neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324525	Hypertrophic cardiomyopathy and renal tubular disease due to mitochondrial DNA mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140917	Stapes ankylosis with broad thumbs and toes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_978	ADULT syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_282166	Inherited Creutzfeldt-Jakob disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_977	Adrenomyodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2343	Isolated cloverleaf skull syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_976	Adenine phosphoribosyltransferase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2342	Haim-Munk syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1010	Autosomal dominant palmoplantar keratoderma and congenital alopecia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168486	Congenital neuronal ceroid lipofuscinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_974	Adams-Oliver syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2340	Keratosis follicularis spinulosa decalvans
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_973	Congenital absence/hypoplasia of fingers excluding thumb, unilateral
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_972	Hereditary continuous muscle fiber activity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_971	Acrorenal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_970	Hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_181428	Hyperalphalipoproteinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1018	X-linked diffuse leiomyomatosis - Alport syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2349	Muscular pseudohypertrophy - hypothyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2348	Familial partial lipodystrophy, Dunnigan type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_181425	Major hypertriglyceridemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2347	Lethal Kniest-like dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2346	Angioosteohypertrophic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1014	Alopecia - intellectual disability - hypergonadotropic hypogonadism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2345	Isolated Klippel-Feil syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_181422	Rare hyperlipidemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_181431	Rare hypolipidemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140927	Benign familial neonatal-infantile seizures
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140922	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2J
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_989	Hypoglossia - hypodactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1023	Congenital generalized hypertrichosis, Ambras type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_988	Absent tibia - polydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2353	Schilbach-Rott syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1021	Amaurosis - hypertrichosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1020	Early-onset autosomal dominant Alzheimer disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_983	Testicular regression syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_356961	SLC35A2-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_181437	Rare syndromic dyslipidemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1027	Autosomal recessive amelia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1028	Amelo-onycho-hypohidrotic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2356	Arachnoid cyst
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_34217	Naxos disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300530	Pseudohypoaldosteronism type 2E
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90350	Autosomal recessive cutis laxa type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300536	DDOST-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_999	Ermine phenotype
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_998	Albinism-deafness syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90354	Brittle cornea syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_994	Fetal akinesia deformation sequence
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_991	PAGOD syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_990	Agnathia - holoprosencephaly - situs inversus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_313846	Familial cutaneous telangiectasia and oropharyngeal predisposition cancer syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_356978	D,L-2-hydroxyglutaric aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_181402	Syndrome with hypoparathyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157769	Situs ambiguus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90362	Primary intestinal lymphangiectasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300547	Autosomal recessive infantile hypercalcemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100008	Hereditary cerebral hemorrhage with amyloidosis, Icelandic type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90368	Hypotrichosis simplex of the scalp
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_313850	Infantile cerebellar-retinal degeneration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100006	Hereditary cerebral hemorrhage with amyloidosis, Dutch type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_36899	Myoclonus-dystonia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101330	Porphyria cutanea tarda
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_313855	FGFR2-related bent bone dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_181412	Adrenogenital syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157794	Hereditary mixed polyposis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2309	Pachyonychia congenita
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284786	Qualitative or quantitative defects of troponin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_282124	Partial deletion of chromosome 12
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254925	Combined oxidative phosphorylation defect type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157798	Hyperplastic polyposis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2300	Multiple intestinal atresia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168443	Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia - hypotrichosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_269190	Encephaloclastic disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254920	Combined oxidative phosphorylation defect type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2308	Jacobsen syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_356996	Intellectual disability - hypotonia - spasticity - sleep disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2307	IVIC syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2306	Isotretinoin-like syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168448	Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, Bieganski type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2301	Congenital short bowel syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284790	Qualitative or quantitative defects of tropomyosin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300525	Pseudohypoaldosteronism type 2D
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157788	Hypospadias - hypertelorism - coloboma and deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2311	Autosomal recessive spondylocostal dysostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254930	Combined oxidative phosphorylation defect type 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2310	Absence deformity of leg - cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2319	Juberg-Hayward syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2318	Joubert syndrome with oculorenal defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_313838	Coats plus syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2316	Johnson neuroectodermal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2315	Johanson-Blizzard syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2314	Autosomal dominant hyper-IgE syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2312	Transient familial neonatal hyperbilirubinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157850	Pantothenate kinase-associated neurodegeneration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306719	Neurodegenerative disease with chorea
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247775	Classic Mayer-Rokitansky-Küster-Hauser syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_221145	Cutis laxa with severe pulmonary, gastrointestinal and urinary anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_221139	Combined immunodeficiency with facio-oculo-skeletal anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157846	Neuroferritinopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247790	FTH1-related iron overload
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169826	Congenital vitamin K-dependent coagulation factors deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71212	Hyperinsulinism due to short chain 3-hydroxylacyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71213	Retinal cavernous hemangioma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247768	Atypical Mayer-Rokitansky-Küster-Hauser syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306708	Frontotemporal neurodegeneration with movement disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247765	X-linked cerebellar ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95232	Lissencephaly due to LIS1 mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_221150	Pitt-Hopkins-like syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156532	Rare syndrome with cardiac malformations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71202	Rare hemorrhagic disorder due to a constitutional platelet anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71271	Split hand - split foot - deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324588	Familial dyskinesia and facial myokymia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71275	Rh deficiency syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324585	Autosomal dominant intermediate Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease with neuropathic pain
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71278	Congenital brain dysgenesis due to glutamine synthetase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71277	Encephalopathy due to GLUT1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71270	Auriculoocular anomalies - cleft lip
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324575	Hyperinsulinism due to HNF1A deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71267	Dentinogenesis imperfecta - short stature - hearing loss - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157801	Mesoaxial synostotic syndactyly with phalangeal reduction
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157808	Congenital pseudoarthrosis of the limbs
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324581	Benign Samaritan congenital myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324561	Hypopigmentation-punctate palmoplantar keratoderma syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247798	MUTYH-related attenuated familial adenomatous polyposis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324569	Pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 8
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247794	Juvenile cataract - microcornea - renal glucosuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169808	Mild hemophilia A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157820	Cold-induced sweating syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169805	Moderately severe hemophilia A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_169802	Severe hemophilia A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391381	Disorder of asparagine metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289573	Fatal multiple mitochondrial dysfunction syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391389	Familial episodic pain syndrome with predominantly upper body involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391384	Familial episodic pain syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276258	Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group D
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163690	Hypotonia - cystinuria syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163696	Action myoclonus - renal failure syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163693	2p21 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276252	Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276255	Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group C
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289586	Exfoliative ichthyosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391392	Familial episodic pain syndrome with predominantly lower limb involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199642	Isolated congenital microcephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391397	Hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199647	Isolated encephalocele
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276249	Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163681	Cortical dysplasia - focal epilepsy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163684	Leukoencephalopathy - dystonia - motor neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276241	Machado-Joseph disease type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_223713	Mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276244	Machado-Joseph disease type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247709	Multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_317430	Combined immunodeficiency due to STIM1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391366	Growth retardation-mild developmental delay-chronic hepatitis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71290	Familial platelet syndrome with predisposition to acute myelogenous leukemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71291	Hereditary vascular retinopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276234	Non-syndromic male infertility due to sperm motility disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276238	Machado-Joseph disease type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_42738	Severe congenital neutropenia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_317425	Severe combined immunodeficiency due to DNA-PKcs deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_100094	Multiple polyglandular tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_317428	Combined immunodeficiency due to ORAI1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_28455	Pancreatic beta cell agenesis with neonatal diabetes mellitus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71289	Radio-ulnar synostosis - amegakaryocytic thrombocytopenia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391376	Congenital microcephaly-severe encephalopathy-progressive cerebral atrophy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391372	Intellectual disability-severe speech delay-mild dysmorphism syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276223	Mucopolysaccharidosis type 6, slowly progressing
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_199627	Atypical autism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306759	Non progressive epilepsy and/or ataxia with myoclonus as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289539	BAP1-related tumor predisposition syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306756	Epilepsy and/or ataxia with myoclonus as major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163654	Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia, Cantu type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163649	Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia, Nishimura type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306765	Motor stereotypies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306762	Progressive epilepsy and/or ataxia with myoclonus as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289548	Inherited isolated adrenal insufficiency due to CYP11A1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306768	Rare paroxysmal movement disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_317419	T-B- severe combined immunodeficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_317416	T-B+ severe combined immunodeficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289553	Dysmorphism - conductive hearing loss - heart defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_221126	Fowler syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276280	Hemihyperplasia-multiple lipomatosis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_221120	Pseudoaminopterin syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_42775	PHACE syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306734	Primary dystonia, DYT21 type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163668	Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia, MacDermot type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289560	Neurodegeneration with brain iron accumulation due to C19orf12 mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276267	Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group G
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306750	Primary myoclonus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163662	Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia, Reardon type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276261	Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group E
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276264	Xeroderma pigmentosum complementation group F
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163665	Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia tarda, Kohn type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_180079	Pseudounicornuate uterus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_180074	True unicornuate uterus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2292	Congenital bowing of long bones
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_180071	Unilateral aplasia of the Müllerian ducts
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2290	Microvillus inclusion disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2289	Neuronal intranuclear inclusion disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254864	Mitochondrial myopathy with reversible cytochrome C oxidase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_252202	Constitutional mismatch repair deficiency syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2287	Fused mandibular incisors
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2286	Solitary median maxillary central incisor syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391428	HSD10 disease, infantile type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2285	Primary basilar impression
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2282	Dysmorphism - short stature - deafness - disorder of sex development
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289504	Combined malonic and methylmalonic acidemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254875	Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome, myopathic form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2298	Insulin-resistance syndrome type B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2297	Insulin-resistance syndrome type A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2295	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome type 11
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_313936	PENS syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254871	Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome, hepatocerebral form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_181387	Rare disorder with hypogonadotropic hypogonadism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_55881	Adamantinoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289513	12q15q21.1 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391408	Primary microcephaly-mild intellectual disability-young-onset diabetes syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254846	Isolated oxidative phosphorylation complex disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254843	Exercise intolerance with lactic acidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_140874	Joubert syndrome and related disorders
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_181399	Rare hyperthyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_180068	Partial bilateral aplasia of the Müllerian ducts
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_181396	Rare hypothyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_181393	Growth hormone insensitivity syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300605	Juvenile amyotrophic lateral sclerosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_181390	Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism associated with other endocrinopathies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391411	Atypical juvenile parkinsonism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289527	Fatal infantile hypertrophic cardiomyopathy due to mitochondrial complex I deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289522	Microtriplication 11q24.1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254851	Maternally-inherited mitochondrial dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391417	HSD10 disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254857	Lethal infantile mitochondrial myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254854	Pure mitochondrial myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77259	Gaucher disease type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329478	Adult-onset distal myopathy due to VCP mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77258	Trichorhinophalangeal syndrome type 1 and 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276212	Mucopolysaccharidosis type 6, rapidly progressing
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2241	Megacystis-microcolon-intestinal hypoperistalsis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_400018	Rare female infertility due to adrenal disorder of genetic origin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2249	Ulna hypoplasia - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294049	Reunion Island's Larsen syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_181368	Rare insulin-resistance syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329481	Lipoprotein glomerulopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_400011	Rare female infertility due to hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis disorder of genetic origin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329466	Autosomal dominant focal dystonia, DYT25
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77240	Primary lymphedema
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_53296	Familial cutaneous collagenoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391474	Frontorhiny
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77243	Lipedema
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2256	Fibulo-ulnar hypoplasia - renal anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2255	Pancreatic hypoplasia - diabetes - congenital heart disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2254	Pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2253	Foveal hypoplasia - presenile cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2252	Radial hypoplasia - triphalangeal thumbs - hypospadias - maxillary diastema
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2251	Thumb deformity - alopecia - pigmentation anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2250	Hyposmia - nasal and ocular hypoplasia - hypogonadotropic hypogonadism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_400008	Rare genetic female infertility
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329475	Spastic paraplegia - Paget disease of bone
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_400003	Rare genetic disorder with obstructive azoospermia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2257	Familial primary pulmonary hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_317473	Pancytopenia due to IKZF1 mutations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329457	Distal arthrogryposis type 5D
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2267	Ichthyosis-cheek-eyebrow syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254886	Autosomal recessive progressive external ophthalmoplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294060	Multiple pterygium syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2266	Hypotrichosis-intellectual disability, Lopes type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2261	Hypospadias - intellectual disability, Goldblatt type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254881	Spinocerebellar ataxia with epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2269	Ichthyosis - alopecia - eclabion - ectropion - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2268	ICF syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_264200	14q22q23 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_53271	Muenke syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2278	Ichthyosis - intellectual disability - dwarfism - renal impairment
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2274	Ichthyosis - hepatosplenomegaly - cerebellar degeneration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2273	Ichthyosis follicularis - alopecia - photophobia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2272	Ichthyosis - oral and digital anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2271	Congenital ichthyosis - microcephalus - tetraplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254898	Deafness - encephaloneuropathy - obesity - valvulopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391457	HSD10 disease, neonatal type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_317476	X-linked immunodeficiency with magnesium defect, Epstein-Barr virus infection and neoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254892	Autosomal dominant progressive external ophthalmoplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77299	Microphthalmia - brain atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77295	Odontoleukodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77296	Morgagni-Stewart-Morel syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77297	Majeed syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309028	Disorder of lipid absorption and transport
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_839	Congenital nephrotic syndrome, Finnish type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77298	Anophthalmia/microphthalmia - esophageal atresia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_179006	Primary immunodeficiency due to a defect in adaptive immunity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77292	Niemann-Pick disease type A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77293	Niemann-Pick disease type B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2201	Palmoplantar keratoderma-spastic paralysis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_834	Free sialic acid storage disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2200	Focal palmoplantar and gingival keratoderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_833	Encephalopathy due to sulfite oxidase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_832	Succinyl-CoA:3-ketoacid CoA transferase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309031	Pancreatic triacylglycerol lipase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2209	Maternal hyperphenylalaninemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2207	Familial primary hyperparathyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2206	Ankylosing vertebral hyperostosis with tylosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2204	Dysplastic cortical hyperostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2203	Hyperlysinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2202	Palmoplantar keratoderma-deafness syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_849	Glanzmann thrombasthenia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90280	Chilblain lupus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_848	Beta-thalassemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_847	Alpha-thalassemia - X-linked intellectual disability syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_846	Alpha-thalassemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_845	Tay-Sachs disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2211	Hypertelorism - hypospadias - polysyndactyly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_844	Atrial tachyarrhythmia with short PR interval
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_841	Sebocystomatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2218	Cervical hypertrichosis - peripheral neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2215	Malignant hyperthermia - arthrogryposis - torticollis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294016	Microcephaly-capillary malformation syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2213	Hypertelorism-microtia-facial clefting syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_230839	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome due to tenascin-X deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_859	Transcobalamin deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_857	Townes-Brocks syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2222	Hypertrichosis lanuginosa congenita
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2220	Hypertrichosis cubiti - short stature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_852	X-linked thrombocytopenia with normal platelets
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_65288	Permanent neonatal diabetes mellitus - pancreatic and cerebellar agenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309015	Familial lipoprotein lipase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_851	Paris-Trousseau thrombocytopenia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_65287	Beta-ureidopropionase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_65284	Biotin-responsive basal ganglia disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_65283	Timothy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294023	Neonatal inflammatory skin and bowel disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2229	Dilated cardiomyopathy - hypergonadotropic hypogonadism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_65286	3q29 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2228	Hypodontia - dysplasia of nails
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_65285	Lhermitte-Duclos disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_65282	Woolly hair-palmoplantar keratoderma-dilated cardiomyopathy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294026	2q31.1 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2224	Hypertryptophanemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397590	Silver-Russell syndrome due to a point mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397593	Severe neonatal lactic acidosis due to NFS1-ISD11 complex deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397596	Activated PIK3-delta syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_869	Triple A syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77260	Gaucher disease type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_868	Triose phosphate-isomerase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_77261	Gaucher disease type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2234	Male hypergonadotropic hypogonadism - intellectual disability - skeletal anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_867	Familial multiple trichoepithelioma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2233	Hypogonadism - mitral valve prolapse - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2232	Primary hypergonadotropic hypogonadism - partial alopecia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309020	Familial apolipoprotein C-II deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2230	Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism - frontoparietal alopecia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309025	Mevalonate kinase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_861	Treacher-Collins syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_860	Congenitally uncorrected transposition of the great arteries
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_400025	Female infertility due to an implantation defect of genetic origin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2239	Familial isolated hypoparathyroidism due to agenesis of parathyroid gland
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2238	Familial isolated hypoparathyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2237	Hypoparathyroidism - deafness - renal disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_400022	Rare female infertility due to an anomaly of ovarian function of genetic origin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2235	Hypogonadotropic hypogonadism - retinitis pigmentosa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254827	Mitochondrial membrane transport disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_230857	Ehlers-Danlos/osteogenesis imperfecta syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254822	Mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation disorder with no known mechanism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_230851	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, cardiac valvular type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_871	Familial progressive cardiac conduction defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324611	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2 due to KIF5A mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254837	Unspecified mitochondrial disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_230845	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, vascular-like type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309001	Disorder of carbohydrate absorption and transport
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_888	Van der Woude syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254830	Mitochondrial substrate carrier disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_887	VACTERL/VATER association
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_886	Usher syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309005	Disorder of lipid metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_884	Tetrasomy 12p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254834	Mitochondrial protein import disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_882	Tyrosinemia type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_881	Turner syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254803	Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome, encephalomyopathic form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324601	X-linked cleft palate and ankyloglossia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324604	Classic multiminicore myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254807	Multiple mitochondrial DNA deletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_899	Walker-Warburg syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_898	Wagner disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_897	Waardenburg-Shah syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_896	Waardenburg syndrome type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_895	Waardenburg syndrome type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_894	Waardenburg syndrome type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_893	WAGR syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_892	Von Hippel-Lindau disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_34149	Autosomal dominant medullary cystic kidney disease with or without hyperuricemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_891	Familial exudative vitreoretinopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_313947	2q23.1 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_254818	Ataxia neuropathy spectrum
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247651	Infantile hypophosphatasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261965	Partial monosomy of the short arm of chromosome 17
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_221016	Rothmund-Thomson syndrome type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247667	Childhood-onset hypophosphatasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261956	Partial deletion of the short arm of chromosome 16
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371007	Congenital muscular dystrophy with hyperlaxity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247638	Prenatal benign hypophosphatasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397623	Short stature-auditory canal atresia-mandibular hypoplasia-skeletal anomalies syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_221046	Poikiloderma with neutropenia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_221043	Hereditary sclerosing poikiloderma with tendon and pulmonary involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261947	Partial deletion of the short arm of chromosome 11
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276193	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 35
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276198	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 36
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371024	Qualitative or quantitative defects of alpha-dystroglycan
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_221039	Hereditary sclerosing poikiloderma, Weary type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_909	Cerebrotendinous xanthomatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_908	Fragile X syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_906	Wiskott-Aldrich syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_905	Wilson disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_904	Williams syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_903	Von Willebrand disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_902	Werner syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261938	Partial deletion of the short arm of chromosome 10
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276183	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 32
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289499	Congenital cataract microcornea with corneal opacity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397685	Familial  hyperprolactinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371054	X-linked congenital disorder of glycosylation with intellectual disability as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_269008	Isolated focal cortical dysplasia type IIb
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289494	Hypomyelinating leukodystrophy with or without oligondontia and/or hypogonadism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247698	Multiple endocrine neoplasia type 2A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_269001	Isolated focal cortical dysplasia type IIa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_916	Aase-Smith syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_103909	Diarrhea-vomiting due to trehalase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_915	Aarskog-Scott syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_103908	Congenital sodium diarrhea
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_103907	Chronic diarrhea due to glucoamylase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_912	Zellweger syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_221061	Hereditary cerebral cavernous malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_911	Combined immunodeficiency due to ZAP70 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_910	Xeroderma pigmentosum
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371047	Congenital disorder of glycosylation with neurological involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_929	Achalasia - microcephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_927	Hyperammonemia due to N-acetylglutamate synthetase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_221054	Acrocephalopolydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_926	Acatalasemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261992	Partial monosomy of the short arm of chromosome 20
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397692	Hereditary isolated aplastic anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397695	3q27.3 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371040	Primary qualitative or quantitative defects of alpha-dystroglycan
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_921	Abruzzo-Erickson syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_920	Ablepharon macrostomia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_103912	Epithelio-exfoliative colitis - deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_103910	Congenital enterocyte heparan sulfate deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157716	Late infantile CACH syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247676	Adult hypophosphatasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371071	Congenital disorder of glycosylation with epilepsy as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_939	3-hydroxyisobutyric aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261983	Partial deletion of the short arm of chromosome 19
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157713	Congenital or early infantile CACH syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_935	Short-limb skeletal dysplasia with severe combined immunodeficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_932	Achondrogenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_931	Acheiropodia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157719	Juvenile or adult CACH syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261974	Partial deletion of the short arm of chromosome 18
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247685	Odontohypophosphatasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_949	Acrocraniofacial dysostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371064	Non-X-linked congenital disorder of glycosylation with intellectual disability as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_946	Acrocephalosyndactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_943	Malonic aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247691	Retinal vasculopathy and cerebral leukodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_941	D-glyceric aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95161	Chronic hepatic porphyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_316240	Autosomal recessive spastic ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_316235	Autosomal dominant spastic ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289465	Isolated adermatoglyphia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_42642	PFAPA syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_316244	Partial deletion of the short arm of chromosome 12
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391487	Autoimmune enteropathy and endocrinopathy-susceptibility to chronic infections syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163596	Hb Bart's hydrops fetalis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289483	Intellectual disability - alacrima - achalasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_316226	Spastic ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_398934	Malignant epithelial tumor of ovary
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209341	Autosomal dominant childhood-onset proximal spinal muscular atrophy without contractures
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_66637	Diaphanospondylodysostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_66633	Sensorineural hearing loss - early graying - essential tremor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_66634	Dilated cardiomyopathy with ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_66631	CEDNIK syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209335	Adult-onset proximal spinal muscular atrophy, autosomal dominant
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_66630	Congenital pseudoarthrosis of clavicle
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261920	Partial deletion of the short arm of chromosome 8
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397606	Chronic diarrhea with hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261929	Partial deletion of the short arm of chromosome 9
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397612	Macrocephaly-developmental delay syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397615	Obesity due to CEP19 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247623	Perinatal lethal hypophosphatasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261911	Partial deletion of the short arm of chromosome 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276161	Multiple endocrine neoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397618	Foveal hypoplasia-optic nerve decussation defect-anterior segment dysgenesis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_221008	Rothmund-Thomson syndrome type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_39041	Omenn syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_261902	Partial deletion of the short arm of chromosome 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276152	Multiple endocrine neoplasia type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209370	Severe neonatal-onset encephalopathy with microcephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_28378	Tyrosinemia type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247604	Juvenile primary lateral sclerosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95159	Hepatoerythropoietic porphyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95157	Acute hepatic porphyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_66628	Obesity due to congenital leptin deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_42665	Tietz syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_66629	Goldberg-Shprintzen megacolon syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_66625	Cerebro-oculo-nasal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238269	Familial renal amyloidosis due to Apolipoprotein AII variant
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289857	Neonatal glycine encephalopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289860	Infantile glycine encephalopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289869	Disorder of ornithine metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289866	Disorder of proline metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289863	Atypical glycine encephalopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276525	Familial hyperinsulinism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_53583	Paroxysmal dystonic choreathetosis with episodic ataxia and spasticity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306498	PTEN hamartoma tumor syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_226298	Central congenital hypothyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35710	Glucose-galactose malabsorption
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35708	Aromatic L-amino acid decarboxylase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35706	Glutaric acidemia type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35705	Neurometabolic disorder due to serine deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_226292	Permanent congenital hypothyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_226295	Primary congenital hypothyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35704	Arginine:glycine amidinotransferase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35701	3-hydroxy-3-methylglutaryl-CoA synthase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_281090	Syndromic X-linked ichthyosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166090	Von Willebrand disease type 2M
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166093	Von Willebrand disease type 2N
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_281097	Autosomal recessive congenital ichthyosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276575	Autosomal dominant hyperinsulinism due to SUR1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1276	Brachydactyly - arterial hypertension
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1277	Brachydactyly - mesomelia - intellectual disability - heart defects
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166087	Von Willebrand disease type 2B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1275	Brachydactyly - elbow wrist dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1272	Fine-Lubinsky syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166084	Von Willebrand disease type 2A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251279	Microphthalmia - retinitis pigmentosa - foveoschisis - optic disc drusen
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306486	Congenital sucrase-isomaltase deficiency without sucrose intolerance
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1270	Bowen-Conradi syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35737	Morning glory syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251274	Familial hyperaldosteronism type III
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1278	Brachydactyly - preaxial hallux varus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289825	Late-onset primary lymphedema
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_264580	Glycogen storage disease due to liver phosphorylase kinase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166081	Von Willebrand disease type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251287	Benign concentric annular macular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166078	Von Willebrand disease type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166073	Pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289829	Disorder of tryptophan metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251282	Autosomal dominant spastic ataxia type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207101	Qualitative or quantitative defects of perlecan
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289832	Disorder of lysine and hydroxylysine metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1299	Branchio-skeleto-genital syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1296	Lambert syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276556	Hyperinsulinism due to UCP2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1297	Branchio-oculo-facial syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1295	Brachytelephalangy - dysmorphism - Kallmann syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1292	Brachymorphism - onychodysplasia - dysphalangism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1293	Brachyolmia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306462	Congenital sucrase-isomaltase deficiency without starch intolerance
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207110	Qualitative or quantitative defects of myotubularin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289846	Glutathione synthetase deficiency with 5-oxoprolinuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_290839	Autoinflammatory syndrome with immune deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_208441	Bilateral parasagittal parieto-occipital polymicrogyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289841	Disorder of glutamine metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207107	Qualitative or quantitative defects of TRIM32
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306474	Congenital sucrase-isomaltase deficiency with starch and lactose intolerance
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289849	Glutathione synthetase deficiency without 5-oxoprolinuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166096	Von Willebrand disease type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207104	Qualitative or quantitative defects of calpain
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251262	Familial osteochondritis dissecans
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_64280	Childhood absence epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_216873	Atypical pantothenate kinase-associated neurodegeneration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300333	Nephrotic syndrome-deafness-pretibial epidermolysis bullosa syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325632	46,XY disorder of sex development of gynecological interest
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325638	Syndrome with disorder of sex development of gynecological interest
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300337	Congenital blindness due to retinal non-attachment
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324307	Severe lateral tibial bowing with short stature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2564	Tetramelic monodactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2563	MOMO syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1231	Barber-Say syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2561	Ackerman syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2560	Möbius syndrome - axonal neuropathy - hypogonadotropic hypogonadism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_33110	Autosomal agammaglobulinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1239	Behr syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1237	Beemer-Ertbruggen syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314978	X-linked non progressive cerebellar ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1234	Bartsocas-Papas syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2565	Mononen-Karnes-Senac syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300345	Autosomal recessive systemic lupus erythematosus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_216866	Classic pantothenate kinase-associated neurodegeneration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178040	Peripheral precocious puberty
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1243	Best vitelliform macular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2575	Cystic fibrosis - gastritis - megaloblastic anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166032	Multiple epiphyseal dysplasia, with miniepiphyses
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2574	Moynahan syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166035	Metaphyseal chondrodysplasia - retinitis pigmentosa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2573	Moyamoya disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1241	Bencze syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2572	Spastic ataxia - corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2571	X-linked immunoneurologic disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1240	Metaphyseal acroscyphodysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2579	Muscular atrophy - ataxia - retinitis pigmentosa - diabetes mellitus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1248	Maxillonasal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2578	MURCS association
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_33108	Lethal multiple pterygium syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166038	Metaphyseal chondrodysplasia, Kaitila type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1246	Brachydactyly - nystagmus - cerebellar ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2576	MULIBREY nanism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300319	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2P
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300313	Congenital cataract-hearing loss-severe developmental delay syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2585	Ataxia - pancytopenia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166068	Pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1252	Blepharonasofacial malformation syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1253	Ascher syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2580	Shoulder and girdle defects - familial intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166063	Pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1258	Blepharoptosis - cleft palate - ectrodactyly - dental anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1259	Blepharoptosis - myopia - ectopia lentis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2589	Myoclonus - cerebellar ataxia - deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2588	Myhre syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1256	Blepharophimosis - radioulnar synostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2587	Myeloperoxidase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178025	Non-acquired combined pituitary hormone deficiencies without extra-pituitary malformations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_281082	Inherited non-syndromic ichthyosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_281085	Inherited ichthyosis syndromic form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2597	Mitochondrial myopathy - lactic acidosis - deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2596	Myopathy and diabetes mellitus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1266	Dermato-cardio-skeletal syndrome, Borrone type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1263	Boomerang dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1264	Tricho-retino-dento-digital syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_227535	Hereditary breast cancer
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2593	Tubular aggregate myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1261	Bonnemann-Meinecke-Reich syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_330197	Genetic multiple congenital anomalies/dysmorphic syndrome - variable intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1262	Böök syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2591	Infantile myofibromatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1260	Sino-auricular heart block
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2590	Hereditary myoclonus - progressive distal muscular atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2598	Mitochondrial myopathy and sideroblastic anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_83418	Proximal spinal muscular atrophy type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_83419	Proximal spinal muscular atrophy type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166002	Multiple epiphyseal dysplasia due to collagen 9 anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2528	Microcephaly-microcornea syndrome, Seemanova type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2526	Microcephaly - lymphedema - chorioretinopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2524	Pontocerebellar hypoplasia type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2523	Microcephaly - brain defect - spasticity - hypernatremia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2522	Microcephaly - cervical spine fusion anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2521	Microcephaly - cleft palate
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300305	11p15.4 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1200	Choanal atresia-deafness-cardiac defects-dysmorphism syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329191	Tall stature - scoliosis - macrodactyly of the great toes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2536	Microcornea - glaucoma - absent frontal sinuses
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2535	Microcornea - corectopia - macular hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1203	Duodenal atresia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2533	Microcephaly - deafness - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1201	Atresia of small intestine
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329195	Developmental delay with autism spectrum disorder and gait instability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1202	Larynx atresia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314918	Mild Canavan disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2542	Isolated anophthalmia - microphthalmia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166024	Multiple epiphyseal dysplasia, Al-Gazali type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166029	Multiple epiphyseal dysplasia, with severe proximal femoral dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2549	Oculoauriculovertebral spectrum with radial defects
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1216	Autosomal dominant congenital benign spinal muscular atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1217	Spinal atrophy - ophthalmoplegia - pyramidal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1215	Autosomal dominant optic atrophy plus syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314911	Severe Canavan disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2543	Microphthalmia - cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166011	Multiple epiphyseal dysplasia, Beighton type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2551	Microspherophakia - metaphyseal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1229	Congenital intrauterine infection-like syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329178	Congenital muscular dystrophy with intellectual disability and severe epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1227	Bangstad syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1228	Banki syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2558	Mikati-Najjar-Sahli syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2557	Mietens syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1225	Baller-Gerold syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_402364	Infantile cerebral and cerebellar atrophy with postnatal progressive microcephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1226	Bamforth-Lazarus syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2556	Microphthalmia with linear skin defects syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2554	Ear-patella-short stature syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166016	Multiple epiphyseal dysplasia, Lowry type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_307804	Autosomal recessive disease with diffuse palmoplantar keratoderma as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2609	Isolated NADH-CoQ reductase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_30925	Hereditary central diabetes insipidus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2608	N syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_30924	Primary hypomagnesemia with secondary hypocalcemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284963	Marfan syndrome type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363989	Familial benign flecked retina
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207085	Qualitative or quantitative defects of dystrophin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363981	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4B3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_83454	Glomuvenous malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2604	Familial visceral myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2601	Myopathy - growth delay - intellectual disability - hypospadias
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207090	Qualitative or quantitative defects of collagen 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2619	Brachydactylous dwarfism, Mseleni type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2617	Bird headed-dwarfism, Montreal type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94125	Recessive mitochondrial ataxia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284973	Marfan syndrome type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94124	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 1 with axonal neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207098	Qualitative or quantitative defects of integrin alpha-7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94122	Cerebellar ataxia, Cayman type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207094	Qualitative or quantitative defects of merosin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363992	Ichthyosis-short stature-brachydactyly-microspherophakia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284979	Neonatal Marfan syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2616	3M syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324381	Hereditary inclusion body myopathy type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2615	Nakajo-Nishimura syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2614	Nail-patella syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2613	Nail-patella-like renal disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2612	Linear nevus sebaceus syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325697	Genetic 46,XX disorder of sex development
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324364	Mixed sclerosing bone dystrophy with extra-skeletal manifestations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284984	Aneurysm - osteoarthritis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_216812	Osteogenesis imperfecta type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166100	Stickler syndrome type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_69126	Pyogenic arthritis - pyoderma gangrenosum - acne
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_69125	Anonychia with flexural pigmentation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166108	Intellectual disability, Birk-Barel type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2623	Geleophysic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166105	FASTKD2-related infantile mitochondrial encephalomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2621	Low birth weight - dwarfism - dysgammaglobulinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1308	C syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1309	Medullary sponge kidney
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2639	Fibular aplasia - complex brachydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324353	Congenital achiasma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94147	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_216804	Osteogenesis imperfecta type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94145	Autosomal dominant cerebellar ataxia type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284993	Marfan and Marfan-related disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_83420	Proximal spinal muscular atrophy type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94149	Autosomal dominant cerebellar ataxia type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94148	Autosomal dominant cerebellar ataxia type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1306	Buschke-Ollendorff syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2637	Microcephalic osteodysplastic primordial dwarfism type II
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1307	Distal limb deficiencies - micrognathia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2636	Microcephalic osteodysplastic primordial dwarfism types I and III
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1305	Feingold syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2635	Metatropic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325690	Genetic disorder of sex development
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2634	Mesomelic dwarfism, Reinhardt-Pfeiffer type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2633	Mesomelic dwarfism, Nievergelt type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2632	Langer mesomelic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1300	Autosomal dominant popliteal pterygium syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2631	Mesomelic dwarfism - cleft palate - camptodactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300373	Familial infantile gigantism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399983	Rare male infertility due to hypothalamic-pituitary-gonadal axis disorder of genetic origin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399980	Rare genetic male infertility
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156728	Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, matrilin-3 type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399998	Male infertility due to obstructive azoospermia of genetic origin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325665	Genetic disorder of sex development of gynecological interest
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_216820	Osteogenesis imperfecta type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300382	Progeroid and marfanoid aspect-lipodystrophy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_399994	Rare male infertility due to adrenal disorder of genetic origin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_216828	Osteogenesis imperfecta type 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_71493	Familial thrombocytosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324321	Sinoatrial node dysfunction and deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300359	PLCG2-associated antibody deficiency and immune dysregulation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_83471	Thymic aplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_83472	CAMOS syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95429	Angioma serpiginosum
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_83473	Megalencephaly - polymicrogyria - postaxial polydactyly - hydrocephalus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95428	COG8-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314993	Cataract-congenital heart disease-neural tube defect syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324313	9p13 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95434	Autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia - saccadic intrusion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95433	Autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia - blindness - deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95430	Congenital tracheomalacia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156731	Dyssegmental dysplasia, Rolland-Desbuquois type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_83461	Congenital primary aphakia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_174590	Congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306558	Primary microcephaly-epilepsy-permanent neonatal diabetes syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306561	Autosomal dominant childhood-onset cortical cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207012	Spinal muscular atrophy associated with central nervous system anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_235936	Familial hyperaldosteronism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_222628	Hereditary poikiloderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306539	Hereditary acrokeratotic poikiloderma of Kindler-Weary
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207021	Rare hereditary systemic disease with peripheral neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207018	Rare hereditary metabolic disease with peripheral neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207015	Rare hereditary disease with peripheral neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_307871	Disease with focal palmoplantar keratoderma as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306542	Frontonasal dysplasia-severe microphthalmia-severe facial clefting syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207031	Rare disease with corpus callosum agenesis associated with peripheral neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306547	Porencephaly-microcephaly-bilateral congenital cataract syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207025	Rare hereditary neurologic disease with peripheral neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207028	Cerebellar ataxia with peripheral neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306550	FADD-related immunodeficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90625	X-linked non-syndromic sensorineural deafness type DFN
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94150	Anonychia congenita totalis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306519	Familial primary hypomagnesemia with hypocalcuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_53689	Congenital chloride diarrhea
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306511	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 48
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95488	Non-acquired pituitary hormone deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_307846	Isolated focal palmoplantar keratoderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306516	Familial primary hypomagnesemia with hypercalciuria and nephrocalcinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_52368	Mohr-Tranebjaerg syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_53697	Gnathodiaphyseal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_53698	Hyaline body myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_53696	Lethal arthrogryposis - anterior horn cell disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_53693	GRACILE syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_53691	Congenital cornea plana
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306522	Familial primary hypomagnesemia with normocalcuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_53690	Congenital lactase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95496	Pituitary stalk interruption syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95495	Disease associated with non-acquired combined pituitary hormone deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306527	Isolated hereditary congenital facial paralysis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_95494	Combined pituitary hormone deficiencies, genetic forms
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363958	17q21.31 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207052	Qualitative or quantitative defects of sarcoglycan
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306530	Congenital hereditary facial paralysis with variable hearing loss
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207049	Qualitative or quantitative protein defects in neuromuscular diseases
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207060	Qualitative or quantitative defects of alpha-sarcoglycan
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207067	Qualitative or quantitative defects of gamma-sarcoglycan
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363969	Autosomal recessive cerebral atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207063	Qualitative or quantitative defects of beta-sarcoglycan
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363965	Koolen-De Vries syndrome due to a point mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_307837	Focal palmoplantar keratoderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207070	Qualitative or quantitative defects of delta-sarcoglycan
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306507	LAMB2-related infantile-onset nephrotic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207078	Qualitative or quantitative defects of caveolin-3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207073	Qualitative or quantitative defects of dysferlin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306504	Congenital nephrotic syndrome-interstitial lung disease-epidermolysis bullosa syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_363972	Noonan syndrome-like disorder with juvenile myelomonocytic leukemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_264431	Partial duplication of the short arm of chromosome 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276413	10q22.3q23.3 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1198	Colonic atresia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1195	Congenital atransferrinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1193	Atkin-Flaitz syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1194	Mitochondrial encephalo-cardio-myopathy due to TMEM70 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329284	Beta-propeller protein-associated neurodegeneration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163727	Rolandic epilepsy - paroxysmal exercise-induced dystonia - writer's cramp
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276405	Hyperbiliverdinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163721	Rolandic epilepsy - speech dyspraxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329258	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2Q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163746	Neurologic Waardenburg-Shah syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329249	Severe early-onset obesity-insulin resistance syndrome due to SH2B1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329255	Blepharophimosis-intellectual disability syndrome due to UBE3B deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329252	Spondylocostal dysostosis - hypospadias - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329235	X-linked central congenital hypothyroidism with late-onset testicular enlargement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306597	X-linked Opitz G/BBB syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1155	Arthrogryposis due to muscular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2487	Lower limb deficiency - hypospadias
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2485	Melorheostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1154	Arthrogryposis with oculomotor limitation and electroretinal anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2484	Osteodysplasty, Melnick-Needles type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2482	Melhem-Fahl syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1150	Arthrogryposis multiplex congenita - whistling face
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35612	Nanophthalmia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329242	Congenital chronic diarrhea with protein-losing enteropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1159	Progressive pseudorheumatoid arthropathy of childhood
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2489	Upper limb defect - eye and ear abnormalities
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329228	Microcephalic primordial dwarfism due to ZNF335 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329224	Intellectual disability - craniofacial dysmorphism - cryptorchidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1170	Autosomal recessive cerebelloparenchymal disorder type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1166	Congenital unilateral hypoplasia of depressor anguli oris
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2498	Syndactyly type 8
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2497	Upper limb mesomelic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2496	Mesomelia-synostoses syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2495	Meningioma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2492	Limb transversal defect - cardiac anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2491	Müllerian duct anomalies - limb anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1168	Ataxia - oculomotor apraxia type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2499	Metachondromatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163717	Benign familial mesial temporal lobe epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1180	Ataxia - hypogonadism - choroidal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306577	Sodium channelopathy-related small fiber neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_264450	Trisomy 8p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276432	Premature aging appearance-developmental delay-cardiac arrhythmia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1177	Early-onset cerebellar ataxia with retained tendon reflexes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1178	Ataxia - tapetoretinal degeneration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1175	X-linked progressive cerebellar ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276435	Lower motor neuron syndrome with late-adult onset
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1173	Cerebellar ataxia - hypogonadism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1174	Cerebellar ataxia - ectodermal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1171	Cerebellar ataxia - areflexia - pes cavus - optic atrophy - sensorineural hearing loss
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1172	Autosomal recessive cerebellar ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1179	Benign paroxysmal tonic upgaze of childhood with ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_330206	Genetic multiple congenital anomalies/dysmorphic syndrome without intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163708	Cryptogenic late-onset epileptic spasms
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306588	Autosomal dominant Opitz G/BBB syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1192	Atherosclerosis - deafness - diabetes - epilepsy - nephropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1190	Atelosteogenesis type I
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_52183	Premature chromosome condensation with microcephaly and intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1188	Ataxia-deafness-intellectual disability syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276422	10q22.3q23.3 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1186	Infantile onset spinocerebellar ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1187	Lethal ataxia with deafness and optic atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1185	Spinocerebellar ataxia - dysmorphism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1182	Spastic ataxia with congenital miosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329211	Autosomal dominant neovascular inflammatory vitreoretinopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324422	ALG13-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2443	Mitochondrial oxidative phosphorylation disorder due to nuclear DNA anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2442	X-linked lymphoproliferative disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1112	Aphalangy - hemivertebrae - urogenital-intestinal dysgenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1110	Aortic arch anomaly - peculiar facies - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2440	Split hand-split foot malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168583	Hereditary North American Indian childhood cirrhosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35656	Coenzyme Q10 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1117	Aplasia cutis - myopia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1118	Fibular aplasia - ectrodactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1115	Recessive aplasia cutis congenita of limbs
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1116	Aplasia cutis congenita - intestinal lymphangiectasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2445	Conotruncal heart malformations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1113	Aphalangy - syndactyly - microcephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168588	Hyperandrogenism due to cortisone reductase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1114	Circumscribed cutaneous aplasia of the vertex
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324410	X-linked intellectual disability - cardiomegaly - congestive heart failure
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324416	Muscular hypertrophy - hepatomegaly - polyhydramnios
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1122	Ulnar hypoplasia - split foot
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2454	Familial intestinal malrotation - facial anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1123	Caudal appendage - deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1120	Lung agenesis - heart defect - thumb anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1121	Radial deficiency - tibial hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2451	Mucocutaneous venous malformations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_313772	Early-onset spastic ataxia-neuropathy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168572	Native American myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1129	Arachnodactyly - abnormal ossification - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1126	Aprosencephaly cerebellar dysgenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2457	Mandibuloacral dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168577	Hereditary cryohydrocytosis with reduced stomatin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1125	Ocular motor apraxia, Cogan type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1133	AREDYLD syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2464	Marfanoid syndrome, De Silva type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2463	Marfanoid habitus - intellectual disability, autosomal recessive
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1131	X-linked mandibulofacial dysostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2462	Shprintzen-Goldberg syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2461	Marden-Walker syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1130	Arachnodactyly - intellectual disability - dysmorphism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2460	Van den Ende-Gupta syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97927	Peripheral resistance to thyroid hormones
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1135	Arrhinia - choanal atresia - microphthalmia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1136	Arnold-Chiari malformation type II
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2466	MASA syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1144	Arthrogryposis-like hand anomaly - sensorineural deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2476	Medeira-Dennis-Donnai syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2475	White forelock with malformations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1145	X-linked distal arthrogryposis multiplex congenita
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168598	Brain demyelination due to methionine adenosyltransferase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1143	Neurogenic arthrogryposis multiplex congenita
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2473	McKusick-Kaufman syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168593	Sudden infant death - dysgenesis of the testes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2471	McDonough syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_33001	Lymphedema - distichiasis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2470	Matthew-Wood syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35664	ALDH18A1-related De Barsy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1149	Arthrogryposis-like syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2479	Megalocornea-intellectual disability syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2478	Megalencephalic leukoencephalopathy with subcortical cysts
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1146	Digitotalar dysmorphism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1147	Sheldon-Hall syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_216796	Osteogenesis imperfecta type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2409	Lowry-MacLean syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2408	Lowe-Kohn-Cohen syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325713	Genetic 46,XY disorder of sex development of endocrine origin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35696	Mitochondrial disorder due to a defect in mitochondrial protein synthesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2407	LOC syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35698	Mitochondrial DNA depletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2405	Thickened earlobes - conductive deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168549	Axial spondylometaphyseal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168544	Spondylometaphyseal dysplasia, Golden type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_325706	Genetic 46,XY disorder of sex development
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2410	Hypergonadotropic hypogonadism - cataract syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35689	Primary lateral sclerosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35688	Madelung deformity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2416	Congenital primary lymphedema
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2414	Congenital pulmonary lymphangiectasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2412	Dislocation of the hip - dysmorphism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168563	46,XY gonadal dysgenesis - motor and sensory neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2429	Macrocephaly - spastic paraplegia - dysmorphism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2427	Macrocephaly - short stature - paraplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168569	H syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168566	Fatal mitochondrial disease due to combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_46348	Paroxysmal extreme pain disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2432	Macrosomia - microphthalmia - cleft palate
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2431	Central bilateral macrogyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1101	Anophthalmia - megalocornea - cardiopathy - skeletal anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2430	Congenital macroglossia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168552	Spondylometaphyseal dysplasia - bowed forearms - facial dysmorphism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101435	Rare genetic eye disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2439	Patterson-Stevenson-Fontaine syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2438	Hand-foot-genital syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1106	Microphthalmia with limb anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2437	Split hand - urinary anomalies - spina bifida
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_1104	Anophthalmia plus syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2435	Hypo- and hypermelanotic cutaneous macules - retarded growth - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168558	46,XY disorder of sex development - adrenal insufficiency due to CYP11A1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168555	Spondylometaphyseal dysplasia, A4 type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168629	Autosomal thrombocytopenia with normal platelets
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_82004	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome with periventricular heterotopia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157973	Congenital muscular dystrophy due to LMNA mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_83330	Proximal spinal muscular atrophy type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_69028	Syndrome with brachydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168624	Familial scaphocephaly syndrome, McGillivray type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168621	Dysplasia of head of femur, Meyer type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_307936	Hypotrichosis-osteolysis-periodontitis-palmoplantar keratoderma syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156638	Rare genetic endocrine disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157965	Ehlers-Danlos syndrome, spondylocheirodysplastic type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157962	Oculoauricular syndrome, Schorderet type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_33067	Metaphyseal chondrodysplasia, Jansen type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_33069	Dravet syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168615	Hereditary persistence of alpha-fetoprotein
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168612	Congenital deficiency in alpha-fetoprotein
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2508	Micrencephaly - corpus callosum agenesis - abnormal genitalia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2505	Multiple benign circumferential skin creases on limbs
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2504	Metaphyseal dysplasia - maxillary hypoplasia - brachydacty
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2502	Metaphyseal dysostosis - intellectual disability - conductive deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2501	Metaphyseal chondrodysplasia, Spahr type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2500	Acrogeria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2519	Microcephaly - seizures - intellectual disability - heart disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2518	Autosomal recessive chorioretinopathy-microcephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2516	Microcephaly - cardiac defect - lung malsegmentation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2515	Microcephaly - cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2514	Autosomal dominant microcephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2513	Microcephaly - albinism - digital anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2512	Autosomal recessive primary microcephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2511	Microbrachycephaly - ptosis - cleft lip
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168632	Generalized basaloid follicular hamartoma syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2510	Micro syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300496	Multiple congenital anomalies-hypotonia-seizures syndrome type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156604	Genetic parenchymatous liver disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156601	Rare genetic hepatic disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_216718	Isolated congenitally uncorrected transposition of the great arteries
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284804	Ocular albinism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156607	Genetic biliary tract disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97944	Gastroduodenal malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97945	Intestinal malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_69084	Pure hair and nail ectodermal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_69083	Ectodermal dysplasia with natal teeth, Turnpenny type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_69082	Odonto-tricho-ungual-digito-palmar syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284818	Disorder of tyrosine metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284811	Syndromic oculocutaneous albinism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_284814	Disorder of phenylalanine metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_69076	Renal glucosuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168609	Mitochondrial non-syndromic sensorineural deafness with susceptibility to aminoglycoside exposure
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324442	Autosomal recessive axonal neuropathy with neuromyotonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157954	ANE syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156622	Genetic urogenital tract malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156629	Genetic hypertension
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_313781	20p13 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168606	Seborrhea-like dermatitis with psoriasiform elements
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168601	Congenital enteropathy due to enteropeptidase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157946	Huntington disease-like 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_269215	Isolated Dandy-Walker malformation without hydrocephalus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156610	Rare genetic respiratory disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157941	Huntington disease-like 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_216729	Congenitally uncorrected transposition of the great arteries with cardiac malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_269212	Isolated Dandy-Walker malformation with hydrocephalus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_313795	Jawad syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_156619	Rare genetic urogenital disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_157949	Combined immunodeficiency with skin granulomas
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329319	Hereditary thrombocytosis with transverse limb defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_108963	Non-syndromic gastroduodenal malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247815	Autosomal recessive ataxia due to PEX10 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_108965	Syndromic gastroduodenal malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329314	Adult-onset multiple mitochondrial DNA deletion syndrome due to DGUOK deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_108967	Non-syndromic intestinal malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_108969	Syndromic intestinal malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306674	Kufor-Rakeb syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251071	8p23.1 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251076	8p23.1 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329308	Fatty acid hydroxylase-associated neurodegeneration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247827	Ectodermal dysplasia - cutaneous syndactyly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94083	Partington syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329303	PLA2G6-associated neurodegeneration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247820	Ectodermal dysplasia - syndactyly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_108959	Non-syndromic esophageal malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94089	Pseudohypoparathyroidism type 1B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94088	Hereditary renal hypouricemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94086	Blue diaper syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94095	Spondylocostal dysostosis - anal and genitourinary malformations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94090	Pseudohypoparathyroidism type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306658	Normocalcemic tumoral calcinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251056	6q25 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306661	Familial tumoral calcinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_69088	Anhidrotic ectodermal dysplasia - immunodeficiency - osteopetrosis - lymphedema
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_69087	Naegeli-Franceschetti-Jadassohn syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_69085	Limb-mammary syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247806	APC-related attenuated familial adenomatous polyposis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_307995	Marginal papular palmoplantar keratoderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306669	Hemiparkinsonism-hemiatrophy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_210548	Macrocephaly-autism syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251066	8p11.2 deletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_235832	Congenital vascular bone syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251061	7q31 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_210571	Dystonia 16
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_307967	Punctate palmoplantar keratoderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_108993	Non-syndromic respiratory or mediastinal malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247868	NLRP12-associated hereditary periodic fever syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_108985	Non-syndromic developmental defect of the eye
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_306617	X-linked complicated spastic paraplegia type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_108987	Syndromic developmental defect of the eye
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_247834	Occult macular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_53540	Goldmann-Favre syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94056	Humero-ulnar synostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276399	Familial multinodular goiter
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94062	Coronary artery disease - hyperlipidemia - hypertension - diabetes - osteoporosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_108971	Non-syndromic visceral malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94061	Macrocephaly - immune deficiency - anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_108973	Syndromic visceral malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94068	Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia congenita
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94066	Severe intellectual disability - epilepsy - anal anomalies - distal phalangeal hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94065	15q24 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94064	Deafness-infertility syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_94063	12q14 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263463	CHST3-related skeletal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96098	Distal trisomy 6q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_44890	Gastrointestinal stromal tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262137	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 17
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96092	8p inverted duplication/deletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96094	Distal trisomy 2q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96095	3q26 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96096	Distal trisomy 4q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96097	Distal trisomy 5q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3255	Filippi syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3253	Zlotogora-Ogur syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209932	Cone dystrophy with supernormal rod response
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309310	Mucopolysaccharidosis type 4B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3250	Proximal symphalangism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3259	Syndactyly-polydactyly-ear lobe syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3258	Cenani-Lenz syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79504	Ichthyosis hystrix gravior
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79503	Ichthyosis hystrix of Curth-Macklin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79506	Cholesterol-ester transfer protein deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263455	Hyperinsulinism due to HNF4A deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79500	DOORS syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263458	Hyperinsulinism due to INSR deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79502	Punctate palmoplantar keratoderma type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262128	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 16
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79501	Punctate palmoplantar keratoderma type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3270	Radio-ulnar synostosis - intellectual disability - hypotonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309319	Disorder of sialic acid metabolism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3268	Synostosis - microcephaly - scoliosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3267	Familial lambdoid synostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3266	Humero-radio-ulnar synostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3265	Humero-radial synostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309324	Free sialic acid storage disease, infantile form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391799	Rare genetic dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209943	IRVAN syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3263	Syngnathia - cleft palate
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3262	Syngnathia multiple anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3261	Autoimmune lymphoproliferative syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_84090	Fibronectin glomerulopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79507	Hypotonia - failure to thrive - microcephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_84093	Hereditary thermosensitive neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_84096	Unknown leukodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3269	Radio-ulnar synostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262110	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 14
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324924	Hereditary periodic fever syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263440	Neuroacanthocytosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3275	Spondylocarpotarsal synostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209951	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 18
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262119	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 15
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_84081	Senior-Boichis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262101	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 13
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3293	Telecanthus - hypertelorism - strabismus - pes cavus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3292	Tel Hashomer camptodactyly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3291	Teebi-Shaltout syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209970	Episodic ataxia type 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3289	Taurodontism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209967	Episodic ataxia type 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3286	Catecholaminergic polymorphic ventricular tachycardia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3283	His bundle tachycardia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96055	Tetrasomy 21
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96059	Mosaic trisomy 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_208650	Cryopyrin-associated periodic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209981	IRIDA syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262173	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 21
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209978	Alternating hemiplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3210	Summitt syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209973	Benign familial nocturnal alternating hemiplegia of childhood
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_364198	Bipartite talus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3219	Fountain syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3218	Deafness - epiphyseal dysplasia - short stature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3217	Deafness -  small bowel diverticulosis - neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3214	Deaf blind hypopigmentation syndrome, Yemenite type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96068	Mosaic trisomy 22
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96069	Distal trisomy 1p36
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_55596	Autosomal dominant limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 1G
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_55595	Autosomal dominant limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 1F
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96060	Mosaic trisomy 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_54260	Left ventricular noncompaction
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137776	Lethal congenital contracture syndrome type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96061	Mosaic trisomy 8
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263494	DPM3-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96063	Mosaic trisomy 10
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262164	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 20
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3224	Deafness - genital anomalies - metacarpal and metatarsal synostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3222	Phosphoribosylpyrophosphate synthetase superactivity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3221	Generalized resistance to thyroid hormone
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3220	Deafness - enamel hypoplasia - nail defects
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3226	Deafness - lymphedema - leukemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3225	Hearing loss - familial salivary gland insensitivity to aldosterone
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96076	Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome due to 11p15 microduplication
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262155	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 19
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263487	COG5-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96078	16p13.3 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137783	Lethal congenital contracture syndrome type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96070	Distal trisomy 2p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96071	Distal trisomy 3p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96072	4p16.3 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263482	Spondyloepiphyseal dysplasia, Maroteaux type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96074	Distal trisomy 7p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_250165	Genetic polycythemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3235	Progressive deafness with stapes fixation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3233	Cochleosaccular degeneration - cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3232	Deafness - ear malformation - facial palsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3231	Deafness-onychodystrophy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3230	Deafness - oligodontia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3239	Deafness - vitiligo - achalasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3238	Cardiospondylocarpofacial syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3237	Multiple synostoses syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3236	Conductive deafness - ptosis - skeletal anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262146	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 18
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_54247	Posterior cortical atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3246	Symphalangism with multiple anomalies of hands and feet
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3242	Renpenning syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3241	Deafness-craniofacial syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3240	Central nervous system calcification - deafness - tubular acidosis - anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3248	Distal symphalangism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166286	Porokeratotic eccrine ostial and dermal duct nevus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166282	Familial sick sinus syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166277	Suarez-Stickler syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391711	Persistent combined dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166272	Goldblatt syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293284	Tetrahydrobiopterin-responsive hyperphenylalaninemia/phenylketonuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_225123	Hemochromatosis type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308041	Autosomal recessive disease associated with punctate palmoplantar keratoderma as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_227786	Familial flecked retinopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137754	Neurological conditions associated with aminoacylase 1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324999	JMP syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3202	Dehydrated hereditary stomatocytosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3201	Ventricular extrasystoles with syncopal episodes - perodactyly - Robin sequence
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166299	Benign partial epilepsy of infancy with complex partial seizures
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166295	Benign non-familial infantile seizures
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3208	Isolated succinate-CoQ reductase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3207	White matter hypoplasia - corpus callosum agenesis - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3206	Stüve-Wiedemann syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3205	Sturge-Weber syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3204	Stormorken-Sjaastad-Langslet syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3203	Overhydrated hereditary stomatocytosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238468	Hypohidrotic ectodermal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309347	Disorder of protein N-glycosylation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_225147	Sporadic infantile bilateral striatal necrosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308023	Disease with punctate palmoplantar keratoderma as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238475	Familial hypercholanemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263410	Infantile spams - psychomotor retardation - progressive brain atrophy - basal ganglia disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324977	Proteasome disability syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209902	Hypercholesterolemia due to cholesterol 7alpha-hydroxylase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_227796	Fundus albipunctatus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308031	Autosomal dominant disease associated with punctate palmoplantar keratoderma as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263417	Bartter syndrome with hypocalcemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209908	Childhood apraxia of speech
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209905	Brain-lung-thyroid syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_240760	Nijmegen breakage syndrome-like disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238446	15q11q13 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309331	Intermediate severe Salla disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166265	Dentinogenesis imperfecta type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166260	Dentinogenesis imperfecta type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309334	Salla disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238455	Infantile dystonia-parkinsonism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238459	SLC35A1-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309337	Lysosomal glycogen storage disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_225154	Familial infantile bilateral striatal necrosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309340	Disorder of lysosomal-related organelles
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308013	Focal acral hyperkeratosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35107	Desmosterolosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98710	Metabolic disease associated with ocular features
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98712	Metabolic disease with cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98711	Metabolic disease with corneal opacity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_220295	Xeroderma pigmentosum-Cockayne syndrome complex
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_269560	Genetic cerebellar malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_269567	Genetic syndrome with a cerebellar malformation as major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_357074	Autosomal recessive cutis laxa type 2, classic type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_269564	Genetic syndrome with a central nervous system malformation as major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_281210	X-linked ichthyosis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_281217	Autosomal ichthyosis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_269570	Genetic syndrome with a Dandy-Walker malformation as major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98714	Metabolic disease with macular cherry-red spot
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98713	Metabolic disease with pigmentary retinitis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_104078	Unclassified intestinal pseudoobstruction
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_104077	Myopathic intestinal pseudoobstruction
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168984	CLAPO syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371364	Hypotonia-speech impairment-severe cognitive delay syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370034	Familial syringomyelia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_269557	Genetic posterior fossa malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_269550	Genetic non-syndromic central nervous system malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_281222	Autosomal ichthyosis syndrome with prominent hair abnormalities
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_269553	Genetic cerebral malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35120	Hemolytic anemia due to pyrimidine 5' nucleotidase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35122	Congenital sucrase-isomaltase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35121	Acid phosphatase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35125	Epidermal nevus syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166311	Benign partial infantile seizures
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_271870	Rare genetic systemic or rheumatologic disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329813	Mosaic genome-wide paternal uniparental disomy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_48431	Congenital cataracts - facial dysmorphism - neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98733	Noonan syndrome and Noonan-related syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_281238	Autosomal ichthyosis syndrome with prominent neurologics signs
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_271861	Familial transthyretin-related amyloidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329802	5p13 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_271853	Genetic cardiac anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_281241	Autosomal ichthyosis syndrome with fatal disease course
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178307	Reticulate acropigmentation of Kitamura
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178303	8q22.1 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_281244	Autosomal ichthyosis syndrome with other associated signs
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_232288	Alpha-thalassemia-related diseases
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370088	Acute infantile liver failure-multisystemic involvement syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35173	X-linked dominant chondrodysplasia punctata
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370079	Proximal 16p11.2 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_48471	Lissencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166308	Benign infantile focal epilepsy with midline spikes and wave during sleep
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268261	21q22.13q22.2 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166305	Benign infantile seizures associated to mild gastroenteritis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_141007	Orofaciodigital syndrome type 9
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_141000	Orofaciodigital syndrome type 11
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166302	Benign partial epilepsy with secondarily generalized seizures in infancy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370097	Oculocutaneous albinism type 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98701	Phakomatosis with eye involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98700	Pigmentation disorder with eye involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370091	Oculocutaneous albinism type 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_269573	Genetic syndrome with corpus callosum agenesis/dysgenesis as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_47159	Proximal renal tubular acidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_281201	Keratosis linearis-ichthyosis congenita-sclerosing keratoderma syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_59135	Laing early-onset distal myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98703	Disease with potential neoplastic degeneration associated with ocular features
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98702	Connective tissue disease with eye involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98704	Onycho-patellar syndrome with eye involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98706	Oculocutaneous or ocular albinism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98709	Ectodermal malformation syndrome associated with ocular features
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98708	Pigmentation disorder with eye involvement, excluding albinism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98794	Angelman syndrome due to maternal 15q11q13 deletion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98793	Prader-Willi syndrome due to paternal 15q11q13 deletion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98795	Angelman syndrome due to paternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 15
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98798	Isochromosomy Yq
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98797	Isochromosomy Yp
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96136	Non-distal monosomy 7p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397922	Ferro-cerebro-cutaneous syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262092	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 11
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98791	Alpha-thalassemia - intellectual disability syndrome linked to chromosome 16
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397927	Sacral agenesis-abnormal ossification of the vertebral bodies-persistent notochordal canal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96145	Distal monosomy 4q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96147	Kleefstra syndrome due to 9q34 microdeletion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96148	Distal monosomy 10q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397933	Severe intellectual disability-progressive postnatal microcephaly- midline stereotypic hand movements syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96149	Distal monosomy 12q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262083	Partial monosomy of the long arm of chromosome 10
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_84132	Desmin-related myopathy with Mallory body-like inclusions
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_104009	Congenital intestinal motility disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_104007	Congenital enteropathy involving intestinal mucosa development
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_104006	Congenital intestinal disease due to an enzymatic defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_104004	Intestinal disease due to vitamin absorption anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_104003	Congenital intestinal transport defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397937	Polyglucosan body myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_208596	Genetic hyperparathyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85458	Hereditary cerebral hemorrhage with amyloidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86789	Patella aplasia/hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262074	Partial monosomy of the long arm of chromosome 9
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_208593	Genetic hypoparathyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96150	Distal monosomy 14q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96152	Distal monosomy 20q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85451	Transthyretin-related familial amyloid cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85450	Familial renal amyloidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85453	X-linked reticulate pigmentary disorder with systemic manifestations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_357001	19p13.13 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86788	X-linked severe congenital neutropenia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_357008	Atypical hemolytic-uremic syndrome with DGKE deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_32960	Tumor necrosis factor receptor 1 associated periodic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96164	Non-distal monosomy 20q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96167	Recombinant 8 syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96168	Monosomy 13q34
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96169	Koolen-De Vries syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85448	Familial amyloidosis, Finnish type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85447	Familial amyloid polyneuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96160	Non-distal monosomy 12q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_59181	Sorsby's fundus dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262065	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 8
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85442	Short stature - pituitary and cerebellar defects - small sella turcica
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85443	AL amyloidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_271847	Genetic endocrine tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98754	Prader-Willi syndrome due to maternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 15
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397964	Combined immunodeficiency due to MALT1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370002	Focal palmoplantar keratoderma with joint keratoses
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98756	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_271844	Genetic urogenital tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_269528	Syndrome with microcephaly as major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98755	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_357027	Familial retinoblastoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3294	Extensor tendons of finger anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98758	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397968	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2R
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98757	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370006	Hypothalamic insufficiency-secondary microcephaly-visual impairment-urinary anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_271841	Genetic cardiac tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98759	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 17
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98761	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 10
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_271835	Genetic digestive tract tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98760	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 8
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96100	Distal trisomy 8q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98763	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 14
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397973	Intellectual disability-obesity-prognathism-eye and skin anomalies syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98762	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 12
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96101	Distal trisomy 9q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_271832	Genetic soft tissue tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96102	Distal trisomy 10q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98765	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98764	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 27
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96103	Distal trisomy 11q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98767	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 11
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98766	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96105	Distal trisomy 13q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_269510	Congenital non-communicating hydrocephalus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_357034	Unilateral retinoblastoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96106	Distal trisomy 16q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98769	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 15/16
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98768	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 13
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96107	Distal trisomy 20q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96109	Distal trisomy 22q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370022	Ataxia-intellectual disability-oculomotor apraxia-cerebellar cysts syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_269505	Congenital communicating hydrocephalus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98772	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 19/22
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98771	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 18
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397941	MAN1B1-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98773	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 21
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96112	Non-distal trisomy 9q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_357043	Amyotrophic lateral sclerosis type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397946	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 58
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_104013	Metabolic disease with intestinal involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96121	7q11.23 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397951	Microcephaly-thin corpus callosum-intellectual disability syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370010	Intellectual disability-facial dysmorphism-hand anomalies syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98784	Autosomal dominant nocturnal frontal lobe epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96123	Monosomy 22
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370015	Spondyloepimetaphyseal dysplasia, Isidor type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96125	Distal monosomy 6p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96126	Distal monosomy 7p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_357064	Autosomal recessive cutis laxa type 2B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_357058	Autosomal recessive cutis laxa type 2A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370019	Spondylometaphyseal dysplasia, Czarny-Ratajczak type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96129	Distal monosomy 19p13.3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397959	TCR-alpha-beta-positive T-cell deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163979	X-linked intellectual disability - craniofacioskeletal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_264675	Congenital pulmonary alveolar proteinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163976	X-linked intellectual disability, Van Esch type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263347	MRCS syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352298	Genetic muscular channelopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137681	Hepatoencephalopathy due to combined oxidative phosphorylation deficiency type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262010	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3135	Familial Scheuermann disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251355	Sickle cell disease associated with an other hemoglobin anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3134	SCARF syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3133	Say-Field-Coldwell syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3132	Say-Barber-Miller syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251359	Sickle cell - beta-thalassemia disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262019	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163971	X-linked intellectual disability, Cilliers type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401785	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 62
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401780	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 61
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3138	Ulnar-mammary syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3137	Alpha-N-acetylgalactosaminidase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262001	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163966	X-linked dominant chondrodysplasia, Chassaing-Lacombe type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3145	Nephrogenic diabetes insipidus - intracranial calcification
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251365	Sickle cell - hemoglobin C disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3144	Schneckenbecken dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401777	Optic atrophy-intellectual disability syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163961	X-linked intellectual disability, Kroes type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276630	Symptomatic form of Coffin-Lowry syndrome in female carriers
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85297	X-linked spinocerebellar ataxia type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3157	Septo-optic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3156	Senior-Loken syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401768	Proximal myopathy with extrapyramidal signs
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3152	Sclerosteosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3151	Multiple sclerosis - ichthyosis - factor VIII deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401764	Pancytopenia-developmental delay syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85291	X-linked intellectual disability, Wittwer type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85290	X-linked intellectual disability, Wilson type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85293	X-linked intellectual disability, Cabezas type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85292	X-linked spinocerebellar ataxia type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85295	HSD10 disease, atypical type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_208508	Autosomal dominant cerebellar ataxia type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85294	X-linked epilepsy - learning disabilities - behavior disorders
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163988	Developmental delay - deafness, Hildebrand type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3172	Eyebrow duplication - syndactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85286	X-linked intellectual disability, Shashi type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3169	Sirenomelia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85285	X-linked intellectual disability, Schimke type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3168	Sillence syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85288	X-linked intellectual disability, Stocco Dos Santos type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3167	Siegler-Brewer-Carey syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85287	X-linked intellectual disability, Siderius type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3166	Sialuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_208513	Spinocerebellar ataxia type 29
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85289	X-linked intellectual disability, Vitale type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3164	Omphalocele syndrome, Shprintzen-Goldberg type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3163	SHORT syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251347	Ataxia-telangiectasia-like disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163982	X-linked intellectual disability - spastic quadriparesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85280	X-linked intellectual disability - cubitus valgus - dysmorphism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85282	MEHMO syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163985	Hyperekplexia - epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85284	BRESEK syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85283	X-linked intellectual disability, Miles-Carpenter type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98596	Eyebrow hypertrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262056	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98595	Eyebrow/eyelashes hypertrichosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98598	Congenital absence of the eyebrow/eyelashes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98597	Eyelashes hypertrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79434	Oculocutaneous albinism type 1B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79433	Oculocutaneous albinism type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98599	Eyebrow/eyelashes structural anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163937	X-linked intellectual disability, Najm type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79435	Oculocutaneous albinism type 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79430	Hermansky-Pudlak syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79432	Oculocutaneous albinism type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98590	Palpebral piliary tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79431	Oculocutaneous albinism type 1A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98592	Palpebral tumor with a vascular malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98591	Mesenchymatous palpebral tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98594	Rare eyebrow/eyelashes anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98593	Neurogenic palpebral tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251393	Localized junctional epidermolysis bullosa, non-Herlitz type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163931	Acrodermatitis continua suppurativa of Hallopeau
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137658	Microcephaly - intellectual disability - phalangeal and neurological anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262047	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163927	Pustulosis palmaris et plantaris
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137653	Microcephaly - digital anomalies - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3103	Roberts syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3102	Richieri Costa-Pereira syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209867	Autosomal dominant rhegmatogenous retinal detachment
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3101	Richieri Costa-da Silva syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3109	Mayer-Rokitansky-Küster-Hauser syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3107	Autosomal dominant Robinow syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3105	Robinow-like syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3104	Robin sequence - oligodactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97286	Carney-Stratakis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_163956	X-linked intellectual disability, Nascimento type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137667	Capillary malformation - arteriovenous malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262038	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79411	Transient bullous dermolysis of the newborn
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79414	Woolly hair nevus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79410	Pretibial dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251375	Sickle cell - hemoglobin E disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3111	Rotor syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3110	Rombo syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251370	Sickle cell - hemoglobin D disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3115	Roussy-Lévy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79405	Junctional epidermolysis bullosa inversa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97297	Bohring-Opitz syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79404	Junctional epidermolysis bullosa, Herlitz type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263355	ATR-X-related syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79406	Late-onset junctional epidermolysis bullosa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137678	Czech dysplasia, metatarsal type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79401	Epidermolysis bullosa simplex, Ogna type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79400	Localized epidermolysis bullosa simplex
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79403	Junctional epidermolysis bullosa - pyloric atresia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262029	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79402	Generalized junctional epidermolysis bullosa, non-Herlitz type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97290	Familial papillary thyroid carcinoma with renal papillary neoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209893	Congenital isolated thyroxine-binding globulin deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137675	Histiocytoid cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3124	Saccharopinuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3121	Ruvalcaba syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_209886	Familial juvenile hyperuricemic nephropathy type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_401795	Autosomal recessive spastic paraplegia type 59
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251380	Hereditary persistence of fetal hemoglobin - sickle cell disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79409	Recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa inversa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3129	Sarcosinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79408	Severe generalized recessive dystrophic epidermolysis bullosa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3128	Sakati-Nyhan syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251383	CK syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79478	Griscelli disease type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137608	Segmental outgrowth - lipomatosis - arteriovenous malformation - epidermal nevus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79477	Griscelli disease type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137605	Legius syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79474	Atypical Werner syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79473	Porphyria variegata
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79476	Griscelli disease type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_226310	Peripheral hypothyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293150	Familial clubfoot due to PITX1 point mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_226316	Genetic transient congenital hypothyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_179490	Obesity due to congenital leptin resistance
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_216981	Niemann-Pick disease type C, juvenile neurologic onset
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_216986	Niemann-Pick disease type C, adult neurologic onset
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_179494	Obesity due to leptin receptor gene deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91132	Ichthyosis-hypotrichosis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289902	3-methylglutaconic aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91133	Osteopenia - myopia - hearing loss - intellectual disability - facial dysmorphism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91130	Cardiomyopathy - hypotonia - lactic acidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91131	DK1-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91135	Body skin hyperlaxity due to vitamin K-dependent coagulation factor deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293165	Skin fragility-woolly hair-palmoplantar keratoderma syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_226307	Hypothyroidism due to deficient transcription factors involved in pituitary development or function
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293168	Infantile-onset ascending hereditary spastic paralysis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_281190	Congenital reticular ichthyosiform erythroderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79459	Follicular atrophoderma-basal cell carcinoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137625	Glycogen storage disease due to muscle and heart glycogen synthase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79458	Oley syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137628	Cardiac anomalies - heterotaxy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79452	Milroy disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137622	Intractable diarrhea - choanal atresia - eye anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79450	Non hereditary congenital primary lymphedema
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268184	Thiamine-responsive maple syrup urine disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289916	Vitamin B12-unresponsive methylmalonic acidemia type mut0
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_308166	Erythrokeratoderma variabilis progressiva
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_37612	Episodic ataxia type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178145	Moderate multiminicore disease with hand involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137634	Overgrowth - macrocephaly - facial dysmorphism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79445	Pseudopseudohypoparathyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79444	Pseudohypoparathyroidism type 1C
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79447	X-linked lethal multiple pterygium syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137639	Leukoencephalopathy - ataxia - hypodontia - hypomyelination
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79443	Pseudohypoparathyroidism type 1A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178148	Antenatal multiminicore disease with arthrogryposis multiplex congenita
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137631	Lung fibrosis - immunodeficiency - 46,XX gonadal dysgenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268173	Intermittent maple syrup urine disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293181	Malignant migrating partial seizures of infancy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309469	Disorder of O-mannosylglycan synthesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_281139	Annular epidermolytic ichthyosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168782	Childhood disintegrative disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_365563	Primary short bowel syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101685	Rare intellectual disability without developmental anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276608	Adult-onset non-insulinoma persistent hyperinsulinemic hypoglycemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276603	Diazoxide-resistant focal hyperinsulinism due to Kir6.2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166119	Isolated osteopoikilosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168778	Rare pervasive developmental disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166113	Bazex syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79499	Autosomal dominant deafness-onychodystrophy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238329	Severe X-linked mitochondrial encephalomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79495	X-linked congenital generalized hypertrichosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309447	Disorder of protein O-glycosylation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79492	Pili gemini
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79493	Brooke-Spiegler syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309450	Disorder of O-xylosylglycan synthesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79485	Phakomatosis spilorosea
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79484	Phakomatosis cesiomarmorata
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309458	Disorder of O-N-acetylgalactosaminylglycan synthesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79483	Phakomatosis cesioflammea
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309463	Disorder of O-xylosyl/N-acetylgalactosaminylglycan synthesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_168796	Heart-hand syndrome, Slovenian type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293144	Familial clubfoot due to 5q31 microdeletion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268114	RAS-associated autoimmune leukoproliferative disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_315306	Classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency, salt wasting form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_294415	Renal-hepatic-pancreatic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329942	Transient neonatal multiple acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98600	Eyebrow/eyelashes distichiasis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98602	Rare lacrimal system disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98601	Eyebrow/eyelashes pigmentation anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_281103	Keratinopathic ichthyosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_315311	Classic congenital adrenal hyperplasia due to 21-hydroxylase deficiency, simple virilizing form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98604	Congenital alacrima
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98603	Secretory apparatus of the lacrimal system anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98606	Syndromic orbital border hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99937	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2C
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98605	Excretory apparatus of the lacrimal system anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99936	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98608	Anomaly of the secretory and excretory apparatus of the lacrimal system
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99939	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2E
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99938	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2D
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98609	EEC syndrome and related syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99940	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2F
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329931	C3 glomerulonephritis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98611	Conjunctival vascular anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99942	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2I
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98610	Rare conjunctival disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99941	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2G
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98613	Conjunctival telangiectasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99944	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2K
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98612	Conjunctival hemangioma or hemolymphangioma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99943	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2J
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_36367	Distal monosomy 1q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98615	Pigmented conjunctival lesion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99946	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2A1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98614	Conjunctival lymphangiectasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99945	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2L
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98617	Bulbar conjunctival dermoid or conjunctival dermolipoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99948	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98616	Conjunctival tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99947	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2A2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98619	Rare isolated myopia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99949	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4C
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98620	Syndromic myopia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99951	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4E
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99950	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4D
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99953	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4G
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98622	Syndromic hyperopia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98621	Rare hyperopia and astigmatism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99952	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4F
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99955	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4B1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98623	Syndromic keratoconus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99954	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4H
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_281122	Self-healing collodion baby
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_281127	Acral self-healing collodion baby
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_36355	P2Y12 defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98626	Stromal corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98625	Superficial corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99956	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 4B2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98628	Syndromic corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98627	Posterior corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_47044	Familial papillary renal cell carcinoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_47045	Familial cold urticaria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85318	X-linked intellectual disability - precocious puberty - obesity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329918	Non-immunoglobulin-mediated membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85317	X-linked intellectual disability - hypogammaglobulinemia - progressive neurological deterioration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_60015	Parietal foramina
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85319	X-linked intellectual disability - epilepsy - progressive joint contractures - dysmorphism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_36383	Familial vascular leukoencephalopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_36382	Familial cervical artery dissections
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268162	Intermediate maple syrup urine disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_36387	Generalized epilepsy with febrile seizures-plus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_36386	Hereditary sensory and autonomic neuropathy type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352306	Disorder of phospholipids, sphingolipids and fatty acids biosynthesis with central nervous system predominant involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352301	Disorder of phospholipids, sphingolipids and fatty acids biosynthesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268145	Classic maple syrup urine disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329903	Immunoglobulin-mediated membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_60025	Pulmonary alveolar microlithiasis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352309	Disorder of phospholipids, sphingolipids and fatty acids biosynthesis with peripheral nerves predominant involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_216972	Niemann-Pick disease type C, severe perinatal form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352312	Disorder of phospholipids, sphingolipids and fatty acids biosynthesis with skeletal muscle predominant involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_216975	Niemann-Pick disease type C, severe early infantile neurologic onset
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99900	Long chain acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_216978	Niemann-Pick disease type C, late infantile neurologic onset
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35078	T-B+ severe combined immunodeficiency due to JAK3 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99901	Acyl-CoA dehydrogenase 9 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268129	Spheroid body myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_352328	MEGDEL syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35069	Infantile neuroaxonal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98673	Autosomal dominant optic atrophy, classic type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98672	Autosomal dominant optic atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98675	Autosomal recessive optic atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97345	Familial dementia, British type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98677	Autosomal recessive syndromic optic atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98676	Autosomal recessive isolated optic atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97346	Familial dementia, Danish type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98678	X-linked recessive optic atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207122	Qualitative or quantitative defects of fukutin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98671	Optic neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97340	Hunter-McAlpine craniosynostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98670	Vitreoretinal degeneration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35098	Isolated plagiocephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207119	Qualitative or quantitative defects of FKRP
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_208447	Bilateral generalized polymicrogyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_207113	Qualitative or quantitative defects of protein involved in O-glycosylation of alpha-dystroglycan
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_208444	Bilateral frontal polymicrogyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35099	Isolated brachycephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98684	Craniostenosis associated with a strabismus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98683	Syndrome with a symptomatic strabismus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98686	Congenital trochlear nerve palsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98685	Oculomotor palsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98688	Oculomotor apraxia or related oculomotor disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98687	Supranuclear oculomotor palsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98689	Myopathy with eye involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_35093	Isolated scaphocephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98682	Essential strabismus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263297	Glycogen storage disease due to glycogenin deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98681	Rare strabismus and restriction syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97363	Unilateral multicystic dysplastic kidney
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98695	Mitochondrial disease with eye involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98694	Spinocerebellar degenerescence and spastic paraparesis with an oculomotor anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97364	Bilateral multicystic dysplastic kidney
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98697	Genetic keratinization disorder associated with ocular features
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98696	Genodermatosis with ocular features
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370103	Primary dystonia, DYT17 type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98699	Syndromic ichthyosis associated with ocular features
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98698	Ichthyosis associated with ocular features
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97369	Renal tubular dysgenesis of genetic origin
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371433	Genetic periodic paralysis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85338	X-linked intellectual disability - ataxia - apraxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85337	X-linked intellectual disability, Zorick type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314041	Marfanoid habitus - inguinal hernia - advanced bone age
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98691	Abnormal eye movements
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98690	Myasthenic syndrome with eye involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97360	Robinow syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98693	Spinocerebellar ataxia with oculomotor anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97361	Unilateral renal hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97362	Bilateral renal hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98692	Nervous system anomaly with eye involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85330	X-linked intellectual disability - corpus callosum agenesis - spastic quadriparesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276598	Diazoxide-resistant focal hyperinsulinism due to SUR1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85332	X-linked intellectual disability-retinitis pigmentosa syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_60030	Loeys-Dietz syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85331	X-linked intellectual disability - hypogonadism - ichthyosis - obesity - short stature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85334	X-linked neurodegenerative syndrome, Bertini type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314034	7p22.1 microduplication syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85336	X-linked neurodegenerative syndrome, Hamel type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85335	Fried syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251290	Parietal foramina with cleidocranial dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371439	Genetic cerebrovascular dementia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371436	Genetic neurovascular malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370106	Rare disorder with dystonia and other neurologic or systemic manifestation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370109	Ataxia-telangiectasia variant
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251295	Pigmented paravenous retinochoroidal atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85327	X-linked intellectual disability - acromegaly - hyperactivity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85326	X-linked intellectual disability, Stoll type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85329	X-linked intellectual disability - hypotonia - facial dysmorphism - aggressive behavior
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314051	Leukoencephalopathy - thalamus and brainstem anomalies - high lactate
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85328	X-linked intellectual disability, Turner type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_60041	Congenital heart block
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85321	Deafness - intellectual disability, Martin-Probst type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_60040	Megalencephaly-capillary malformation-polymicrogyria syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85320	X-linked intellectual disability - macrocephaly - macroorchidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85323	X-linked intellectual disability, Seemanova type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85322	X-linked intellectual disability, Pai type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85325	X-linked intellectual disability, Stevenson type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_85324	X-linked intellectual disability, Shrimpton type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371428	Multicentric osteolysis-nodulosis-arthropathy spectrum
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276580	Autosomal dominant hyperinsulinism due to Kir6.2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_276585	Diazoxide-resistant hyperinsulinism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99960	Benign recurrent intrahepatic cholestasis type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98631	Secondary dysgenetic glaucoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99961	Benign recurrent intrahepatic cholestasis type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289891	Hypermethioninemia due to glycine N-methyltransferase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98633	Goniodysgenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98632	Glaucoma associated with neural crest cell migration anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98635	Corneogoniodysgenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98634	Iridogoniodysgenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3180	Spondylocamptodactyly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_289899	Organic aciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_84064	Syndromic diarrhea
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3177	Corneal-cerebellar syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3176	Spina bifida - hypospadias
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3175	Spasticity - intellectual disability - X-linked epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3173	Infantile spasms - broad thumbs
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98637	Secondary glaucoma due to a proliferation and differentiation anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98636	Corneoiridogoniodysgenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370127	Medich giant platelet syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98638	Rare disease with glaucoma as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98640	Rare cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98641	Syndromic cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370114	Combined cervical dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371445	Genetic syndromic esophageal malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98644	Cataract associated with a metabolic disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98643	Systemic disease with cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98646	Renal disease with cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98645	Cerebral disease with cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3194	Stern-Lubinsky-Durrie syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3193	Supravalvular aortic stenosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3191	Subaortic stenosis - short stature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314029	High bone mass osteogenesis imperfecta
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_357158	Mandibulofacial dysostosis - macroblepharon - macrostomia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3186	Holoprosencephaly - radial heart renal anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3184	Steatocystoma multiplex - natal teeth
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98648	Musculoskeletal disease with cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98647	Cardiac disease with cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98649	Dentocutaneous disease with cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98650	Craniofacial anomaly with cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98653	Lens position anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98652	Lens size anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98655	Lens shape anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98657	Genetic vitreous-retinal disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3199	Stimmler syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3197	Hereditary hyperekplexia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3196	Steroid dehydrogenase deficiency - dental anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98658	Color-vision disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_99989	Intermediate DEND syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98662	Unclassified familial retinal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329967	Intermittent hydrarthrosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98661	Syndromic retinitis pigmentosa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98664	Genetic macular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_370131	White platelet syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98666	Unclassified primitive or secondary maculopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98665	Colobomatous and areolar dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98668	Vitreoretinopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98667	Disease predisposing to age-related macular degeneration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_357175	Short ulna - dysmorphism - hypotonia - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_314002	Contractures-webbed neck-micrognathia-hypoplastic nipples syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_329971	Generalized juvenile polyposis/juvenile polyposis coli
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98669	Congenital vitreoretinal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2170	Methylcobalamin deficiency type cblG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324703	Hereditary cerebral hemorrhage with amyloidosis, Piedmont type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_158029	Sea-blue histiocytosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_285014	Rare disease with thoracic aortic aneurysm and aortic dissection
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2168	Homocarnosinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2167	Holzgreve-Wagner-Rehder syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2166	Holoprosencephaly - postaxial polydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324708	Hereditary cerebral hemorrhage with amyloidosis, Iowa type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2163	Holoprosencephaly - craniosynostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2162	Holoprosencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2169	Methylcobalamin deficiency type cblE
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2182	Hydrocephalus with stenosis of the aqueduct of Sylvius
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_353277	Rubinstein-Taybi syndrome due to CREBBP mutations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2181	Hydrocephaly - tall stature - joint laxity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2180	Hydrocephalus - costovertebral dysplasia - Sprengel anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91415	Familial capillary hemangioma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91416	Isolated congenital alacrima
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2177	Hydranencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91413	Congenital Horner syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2176	Infantile systemic hyalinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91411	Congenital ptosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91412	Marcus-Gunn syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2172	Microcephaly - glomerulonephritis - marfanoid habitus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2190	Congenital hydronephrosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_353284	Rubinstein-Taybi syndrome due to EP300 haploinsufficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_353281	Rubinstein-Taybi syndrome due to 16p13.3 microdeletion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2189	Hydrolethalus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2186	Hydrocephalus - blue sclerae - nephropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2185	Congenital hydrocephalus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2183	Hydrocephalus - obesity - hypogonadism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_158038	Primary hemophagocytic lymphohistiocytosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263676	Hereditary epidermolysis bullosa associated with ocular features
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_353298	Roifman syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2199	Epidermolytic palmoplantar keratoderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2198	Palmoplantar keratoderma-esophageal carcinoma syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2197	Idiopathic hypercalciuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2196	Familial primary hypomagnesemia with hypercalciuria and nephrocalcinosis with severe ocular involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2195	Dicarboxylic aminoaciduria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90103	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease - deafness - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3455	Wiedemann-Rautenstrauch syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2124	Cavernous hemangiomas of face - supraumbilical midline raphe
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3454	Intellectual disability-developmental delay-contractures syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3453	Autoimmune polyendocrinopathy type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3451	West syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3450	Weissenbacher- Zweymuller syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3459	Wilson-Turner syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2128	Hemihypertrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3456	Wildervanck syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3466	WT limb-blood syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2135	Hennekam-Beemer syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2134	Atypical hemolytic-uremic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3464	Woodhouse-Sakati syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2133	Hemoglobin E disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2132	Hemoglobin C disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3463	Wolfram syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2131	Alternating hemiplegia of childhood
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2130	Hemimelia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3460	Torg-Winchester syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2139	Hernández-Aguirre Negrete syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2138	46,XX ovotesticular disorder of sex development
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2136	Hennekam syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3467	Hereditary xanthinuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2145	Craniosynostosis, Herrmann-Opitz type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_248095	Primary hypertrophic osteoarthropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3474	CHIME syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2143	Donnai-Barrow syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3473	Zimmermann-Laband syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2141	Diaphragmatic defect - limb deficiency - skull defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3472	Yunis-Varon syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3471	Young syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2149	Nodular neuronal heterotopia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2148	Lissencephaly type 1 due to doublecortin gene mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2157	Histidinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2156	Hirsutism-skeletal dysplasia-intellectual disability syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2155	Hirschsprung disease - deafness - polydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2153	Hirschsprung disease - nail hypoplasia - dysmorphism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2152	Mowat-Wilson syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2151	Hirschsprung disease - ganglioneuroblastoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2150	Hirschsprung disease - type D brachydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238666	Isolated congenital hypogonadotropic hypogonadism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90154	Mandibuloacral dysplasia with type B lipodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91483	Rieger anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90153	Mandibuloacral dysplasia with type A lipodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_322126	Genetic tumor of hematopoietic and lymphoid tissues
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309155	Sandhoff disease, infantile form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3411	Double uterus - hemivagina - renal agenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309152	GM2 gangliosidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91489	Isolated congenital megalocornea
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3417	Van den Bosch syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3416	Hyperostosis corticalis generalisata
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238670	Isolated thyrotropin-releasing hormone deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3412	VACTERL with hydrocephalus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_109007	Arthrogryposis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91495	Persistent hyperplastic primary vitreous
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91496	Snowflake vitreoretinal degeneration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_25968	Benign occipital epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91494	Macular coloboma - cleft palate - hallux valgus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91491	Congenital ectropion uveae
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91492	Non-syndromic congenital cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91490	Isolated congenital sclerocornea
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3421	Cerebroretinal vasculopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309169	Sandhoff disease, adult form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91498	Familial congenital palsy of trochlear nerve
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_50945	Blomstrand lethal chondrodysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_50944	Schöpf-Schulz-Passarge syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3429	Verloove Vanhorick-Brubakk syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309162	Sandhoff disease, juvenile form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3426	Double outlet right ventricle
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_109011	Non-syndromic limb malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_50943	Keratolytic winter erythema
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3424	Velo-facial-skeletal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_50942	Keratosis palmoplantaris striata
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324764	Trichorhinophalangeal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238642	Primary megaureter, adult-onset form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324761	Microcephalic primordial dwarfism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238646	Congenital primary megaureter, obstructed form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309127	3-hydroxyacyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309133	Metabolic disease due to other fatty acid oxidation disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3433	Microcephaly - brachydactyly - kyphoscoliosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2102	GTP cyclohydrolase I deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2101	Grubben-de Cock-Borghgraef syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101987	Constitutional neutropenia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309130	Disorder of carnitine cycle and carnitine transport
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101988	Primary immunodeficiency due to a defect in innate immunity
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309136	Mitochondrial disorder due to a defect in assembly or maturation of the respiratory chain complexes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2108	Hallermann-Streiff syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3439	Von Voss-Cherstvoy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2107	Hall-Riggs syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3437	Vogt-Koyanagi-Harada disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3434	MMEP syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238650	Congenital primary megaureter, refluxing form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_25980	X-linked myopathy with excessive autophagy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_353217	Epileptic encephalopathy with global cerebral demyelination
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238654	Congenital primary megaureter, nonrefluxing and unobstructed form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90185	Non-hereditary late-onset primary lymphedema
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90186	Meige disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309144	Gangliosidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98909	Desminopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98908	Neutral lipid storage myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2110	Hallux varus - preaxial polysyndactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3440	Waardenburg syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309147	Hyper-beta-alaninemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101997	Primary immunodeficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101992	Immunodeficiency due to a complement cascade protein anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98902	Amish nemaline myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2118	Hawkinsinuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3449	Weill-Marchesani syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98905	Congenital multicore myopathy with external ophthalmoplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3448	Weaver-Williams syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2117	Hartsfield-Bixler-Demyer syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98904	Congenital myopathy with excess of thin filaments
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3447	Weaver syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2116	Hartnup disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98907	Dorfman-Chanarin disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2115	Harrod syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2114	Hip dysplasia, Beukes type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_264992	Genetic interstitial lung disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_48652	Monosomy 22q13
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309108	Pancreatic colipase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86923	Hereditary palmoplantar keratoderma, Gamborg-Nielsen type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_353220	Familial primary localized cutaneous amyloidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309111	Combined pancreatic lipase-colipase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90118	Severe early-onset axonal neuropathy due to MFN2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90117	Hereditary motor and sensory neuropathy, Okinawa type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309115	Disorder of mitochondrial fatty acid oxidation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86920	Dermatopathia pigmentosa reticularis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90114	Autosomal dominant intermediate Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_59303	Ichthyosis - hypotrichosis - sclerosing cholangitis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_59306	McLeod neuroacanthocytosis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_59305	Gestational trophoblastic neoplasm
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166487	Cerebral diseases of vascular origin with epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90119	Axonal Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease with acrodystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86918	Diffuse palmoplantar keratoderma-acrocyanosis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86919	Keratosis palmaris et plantaris - clinodactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324737	SRD5A3-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86913	Myoclonic epilepsy in non-progressive encephalopathies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90120	Hereditary motor and sensory neuropathy type 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86917	Lymphedema - cleft palate
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86914	Lymphedema - cerebral arteriovenous anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86915	Lymphedema - atrial septal defects - facial changes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166472	Monogenic disease with epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309120	Acyl-CoA dehydrogenase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166475	Idiopathic or cryptogenic familial epilepsy syndrome with identified loci/genes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166478	Cerebral malformation with epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86909	Myoclonic epilepsy of infancy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_300751	Familial dilated cardiomyopathy with conduction defect due to LMNA mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_180772	Rare disease with autism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280183	Methylmalonic aciduria due to transcobalamin receptor defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324723	Hereditary cerebral hemorrhage with amyloidosis, Arctic type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86906	Hypothalamic hamartomas with gelastic seizures
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178464	Hereditary proximal myopathy with early respiratory failure
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3409	Urban-Rogers-Meyer syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178461	X-linked myopathy with postural muscle atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324718	Hereditary cerebral hemorrhage with amyloidosis, Flemish type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280195	Septopreoptic holoprosencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_324713	Hereditary cerebral hemorrhage with amyloidosis, Italian type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178469	Autosomal dominant non-syndromic intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3408	Upington disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3406	Ulerythema ophryogenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3405	Umbilical cord ulceration - intestinal atresia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3404	Ulbright-Hodes syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3402	Transient tyrosinemia of the newborn
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98950	Partial cryptophthalmia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98951	Inverse Marcus-Gunn phenomenon
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98954	Meesmann corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_141261	Tessier number 5 facial cleft
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98956	Microcystic corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98955	Lisch epithelial corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98958	Honey-droplet corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98957	Gelatinous drop-like corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_141269	Lateral facial cleft
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98959	Subepithelial mucinous corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_141265	Tessier number 6 facial cleft
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231183	Usher syndrome type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98961	Reis-Bücklers corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98960	Thiel-Behnke corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98963	Granular corneal dystrophy type II
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98962	Granular corneal dystrophy type I
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98964	Lattice corneal dystrophy type I
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280133	Complement component 3 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231178	Usher syndrome type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98967	Schnyder corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98969	Macular corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_141276	Commissural facial cleft
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98970	Fleck corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98972	Central cloudy dystrophy of Francois
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98971	Posterior amorphous corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98974	Fuchs endothelial corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397744	Peripheral neuropathy-myopathy-hoarseness-hearing loss syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98973	Posterior polymorphous corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371157	Congenital disorder of glycosylation with hepatic involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98976	Congenital glaucoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98975	Congenital hereditary endothelial dystrophy type I
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280142	Severe combined immunodeficiency due to LCK deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_255138	Pyruvate dehydrogenase E1-beta deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98978	Axenfeld anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98977	Juvenile glaucoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98979	Chandler syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_255132	Adult-onset autosomal recessive sideroblastic anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98981	Essential iris atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98980	Cogan-Reese syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98983	Congenital cataract, Volkmann type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96321	Polyploidy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98985	Cataract with Y-shaped suture opacities
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397755	Periodic paralysis with transient compartment-like syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98984	Pulverulent cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397758	Retinal dystrophy with inner retinal dysfunction and ganglion cell anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98987	Cataract, Hutterite type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98986	Coppock-like cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96325	Isochromosome Y
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397750	Periodic paralysis with later-onset distal motor neuropathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98989	Cerulean cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293462	Pre-Descemet corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98988	Anterior polar cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371176	Congenital disorder of glycosylation with dilated cardiomyopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98910	Alpha-crystallinopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98912	Late-onset distal myopathy, Markesbery-Griggs type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98911	Distal myotilinopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98914	Presynaptic congenital myasthenic syndromes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98913	Postsynaptic congenital myasthenic syndromes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98915	Synaptic congenital myasthenic syndromes
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309192	Tay-Sachs disease, B variant, adult form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98920	Spinal muscular atrophy with respiratory distress type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397787	Severe combined immunodeficiency due to IKK2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_255182	Pyruvate dehydrogenase E3-binding protein deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_31837	Pulmonary venoocclusive disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_46059	Lathosterolosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_155899	Mandibulofacial dysostosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371195	Congenital disorder of glycosylation-related bone disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_155896	Otomandibular dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309178	Tay-Sachs disease, B variant, infantile form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98934	Huntington disease-like 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98938	Colobomatous microphthalmia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371188	Congenital disorder of glycosylation with intestinal involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98941	Von Hippel anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98943	Coloboma of eye lens
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98942	Coloboma of choroid and retina
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238613	Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome due to NSD1 mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_155889	Coloboma of inferior eyelid
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178506	Brain calcification, Rajab type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371183	Congenital disorder of glycosylation with cardiac malformation as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_155884	Coloboma of superior eyelid
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309185	Tay-Sachs disease, B variant, juvenile form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_227976	Autosomal recessive optic atrophy, OPA7 type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178509	Perry syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98945	Coloboma of macula
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98944	Coloboma of iris
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98947	Coloboma of optic papilla
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_200037	Paroxysmal dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98946	Coloboma of eyelid
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_141258	Tessier number 4 facial cleft
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98949	Complete cryptophthalmia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98948	Congenital symblepharon
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_141253	Oblique facial cleft
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_220452	Inherited giant platelet disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231108	Familial rhabdoid tumor
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_220448	Macrothrombocytopenia with mitral valve insufficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_220443	Bleeding diathesis due to thromboxane synthesis deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231127	Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome due to 11p15 microdeletion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231120	Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome due to CDKN1C mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_220465	Laron syndrome with immunodeficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_220460	Attenuated familial adenomatous polyposis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231117	Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome due to imprinting defect of 11p15
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98992	Partial congenital cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98991	Nuclear cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98994	Total congenital cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98993	Posterior polar cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96333	Rare otorhinolaryngological malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98995	Zonular cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96334	Paternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 14
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397725	COASY protein-associated neurodegeneration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_220497	Joubert syndrome with renal defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_220493	Joubert syndrome with ocular defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_66518	Short fifth metacarpals - insulin resistance
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98990	Coralliform cataract
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_255117	Autosomal dominant optic atrophy and late-onset deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231147	Silver-Russell syndrome due to maternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 11
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231144	Silver-Russell syndrome due to 11p15 microduplication
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231140	Silver-Russell syndrome due to imprinting defect of 11p15
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_220489	Rare hereditary hemochromatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96346	Anorectal malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397735	Autosomal dominant Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2 due to MARS mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97678	Maternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 13
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231137	Silver-Russell syndrome due to 7p11.2p13 microduplication
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231130	Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome due to 11p15 translocation/inversion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97685	17q11 microdeletion syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_117573	Syndromic anorectal malformation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231169	Usher syndrome type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397709	Intellectual disability-coarse face-macrocephaly-cerebellar hypotrophy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231160	Familial cerebral saccular aneurysm
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397715	Joubert syndrome with Jeune asphyxiating thoracic dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231154	Combined immunodeficiency T+ B+ due to partial RAG1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_412206	Primary failure of tooth eruption
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2050	Cole-Carpenter syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3380	Trisomy 18
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2047	Flynn-Aird syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3378	Trisomy 13
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93946	Hamel cerebro-palato-cardiac syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3377	Trismus - pseudocamptodactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93945	X-linked intellectual disability, Porteous type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2045	FLOTCH syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3376	Triploidy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2044	Floating-Harbor syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3375	Trisomy X
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2042	Tracheo-esophageal fistula - hypospadias
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391665	Homozygous familial hypercholesterolemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3379	Distal trisomy 17q
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93947	X-linked intellectual disability, Golabi-Ito-Hall type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3390	Proximal tubulopathy - diabetes mellitus - cerebellar ataxia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3389	Tuberculosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93957	Limb dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3388	Neural tube defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2057	Blepharophimosis - ptosis - esotropia - syndactyly - short stature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93956	Truncal dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2056	Essential fructosuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3387	Isolated anterior cervical hypertrichosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93955	Benign essential blepharospasm
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2053	Freeman-Sheldon syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93952	X-linked intellectual disability, Hedera type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2052	Fraser syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3383	Humerus trochlea aplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93951	X-linked dominant intellectual disability - epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93950	X-linked intellectual disability, Sutherland-Haan type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391677	Short stature-optic atrophy-Pelger-Huët anomaly syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2059	Fryns syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93958	Oromandibular dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2072	Gaucher disease - ophthalmoplegia - cardiovascular calcification
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391641	Feingold syndrome type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2069	Gastrocutaneous syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2067	GAPO syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2066	Gamma-aminobutyric acid transaminase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2065	Galloway-Mowat syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93964	Blepharospasm - oromandibular dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2064	Posterior fusion of lumbosacral vertebrae - blepharoptosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93963	Autosomal dominant focal dystonia, DYT7 type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_391646	Feingold syndrome type 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2063	Splenogonadal fusion - limb defects - micrognathia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93962	Autosomal dominant cervical dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2062	Progressive non-infectious anterior vertebral fusion
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93961	Laryngeal dyskinesia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_364055	Severe early-childhood-onset retinal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_275543	L1 syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93969	Myelomeningocele
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263553	Peeling skin syndrome type B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_55654	Hypotrichosis simplex
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263558	Generalized peeling skin syndrome type C
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2083	Prominent glabella - microcephaly - hypogenitalism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93971	Chudley-Lowry-Hoar syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93970	Holmes-Gang syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2078	Geroderma osteodysplastica
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2077	German syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93976	Anotia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2076	X-linked intellectual disability - epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93975	Renier-Gabreels-Jasper syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2075	Genito-palato-cardiac syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93974	Smith-Fineman-Myers syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93973	Carpenter-Waziri syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93972	Juberg-Marsidi syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_275534	Myostatin-related muscle hypertrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_364063	Infantile epileptic-dyskinetic encephalopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96175	Ring chromosome 11
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96176	Ring chromosome 13
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137888	Auriculocondylar syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96177	Ring chromosome 15
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96178	Ring chromosome 16
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96179	Maternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96170	Emanuel syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_54370	Primary membranoproliferative glomerulonephritis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96171	Ring chromosome 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96172	Ring chromosome 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96173	Ring chromosome 9
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2003	Cleft lip/palate - deafness - sacral lipoma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2001	Cleft lip/palate - intestinal malrotation - cardiopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3332	Hypoplastic tibiae - postaxial polydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3331	Bowed tibiae  - radial anomalies - osteopenia - fractures
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2008	Acro-cardio-facial syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3339	Toriello-Lacassie-Droste syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3338	Toriello-Carey syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2007	Alar cartilages hypoplasia - coloboma - telecanthus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3337	Primary Fanconi syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2005	Laryngo-tracheo-esophageal cleft - pulmonary hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96186	Maternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 20
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96187	Maternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 21
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96188	Maternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 22
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137898	Leukoencephalopathy with brain stem and spinal cord involvement - high lactate
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79665	Gardner syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137893	Male infertility due to large-headed multiflagellar polyploid spermatozoa
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96180	Maternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96181	Maternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96182	Silver-Russell syndrome due to maternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96183	Maternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 9
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96184	Maternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 14
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96185	Maternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 16
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2013	Cleft palate - large ears - small head
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3344	Weismann-Netter syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3342	Arterial tortuosity syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2010	Cleft palate - stapes fixation - oligodontia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3341	Torticollis - keloids - cryptorchidism - renal dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_30391	Biliary atresia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2019	Femur-fibula-ulna complex
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2016	Cleft palate-lateral synechia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2015	Cleft palate - short stature - vertebral anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_220436	Quebec platelet disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96190	Paternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96191	Paternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 6
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79651	Mild hyperphenylalaninemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96192	Paternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 7
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96193	Beckwith-Wiedemann syndrome due to paternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 11
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96194	Paternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 20
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96195	Paternal uniparental disomy of chromosome 21
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93924	Lobar holoprosencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2025	Gingival fibromatosis - facial dysmorphism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3355	Trichoodontoonychial dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2024	Hereditary gingival fibromatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3354	Tricho-oculo-dermo-vertebral syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93921	Neurofibromatosis type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3353	Trichodermodysplasia - dental alterations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2022	Endomyocardial fibroelastosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3352	Tricho-dento-osseous syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2021	Fibrochondrogenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3351	Trichodental syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2020	Congenital fiber-type disproportion myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93929	Cloacal exstrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93928	Epispadias
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2029	Multiple non-ossifying fibromatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2028	Juvenile hyaline fibromatosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93926	Midline interhemispheric variant of holoprosencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2027	Gingival fibromatosis - progressive deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93925	Alobar holoprosencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2026	Gingival fibromatosis-hypertrichosis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3357	Autosomal dominant trichoodontoonychodysplasia-syndactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79643	Autosomal recessive hyperinsulinism due to SUR1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_79644	Autosomal recessive hyperinsulinism due to Kir6.2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2036	Scalp-ear-nipple syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3366	Isolated trigonocephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3365	Trigonocephaly - broad thumbs
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3363	Trichomegaly - retina pigmentary degeneration - dwarfism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3362	Trichomegaly - cataract - hereditary spherocytosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2031	Hepatic fibrosis - renal cysts - intellectual disability
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93930	Bladder exstrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3361	Trichodysplasia - xeroderma
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3369	Trigonocephaly - short stature - developmental delay
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_93937	Terminal transverse defects of arm
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3368	Trigonocephaly - bifid nose - acral anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178396	Hemorrhagic disease due to alpha-1-antitrypsin Pittsburgh mutation
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263501	COG4-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251515	Distal arthrogryposis type 10
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90031	Non-spherocytic hemolytic anemia due to hexokinase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90030	Hemolytic anemia due to glutathione reductase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_49827	Thiamine-responsive megaloblastic anemia syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90039	Hemoglobin D disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309279	Glycoproteinosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251510	46,XY partial gonadal dysgenesis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_50812	Zellweger-like syndrome without peroxisomal anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_50815	Branchiogenic deafness syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_50814	Craniolenticulosutural dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263508	COG1-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309271	Metachromatic leukodystrophy, adult form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_50811	Lipodystrophy - intellectual disability - deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_50810	Microlissencephaly - micromelia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_353308	Pyruvate carboxylase deficiency, infantile form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_353314	Pyruvate carboxylase deficiency, severe neonatal type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238557	Chuvash erythrocytosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90042	Primary familial polycythemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90044	Familial pseudohyperkalemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3301	Tetraamelia - multiple malformations
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91378	Hereditary angioedema
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90045	Hereditary folate malabsorption
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309288	Alpha-mannosidosis, adult form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_251523	Recurrent infections - inflammatory syndrome due to zinc metabolism disorder
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3309	Tetrasomy 5p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3307	Tetrasomy 18p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3306	Duplication/inversion 15q11
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3305	Tetraploidy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309282	Alpha-mannosidosis, infantile form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3304	Fallot complex - intellectual disability - growth delay
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137867	Madras motor neuron disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_353327	Congenital myasthenic syndromes with glycosylation defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178377	Osteosclerosis-developmental delay-craniosynostosis syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238523	Atypical hypotonia - cystinuria syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_353320	Pyruvate carboxylase deficiency, benign type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309252	Atypical Gaucher disease due to saposin C deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3310	Tetrasomy 9p
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309256	Metachromatic leukodystrophy, late infantile form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91387	Familial thoracic aortic aneurysm and aortic dissection
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3319	Congenital amegakaryocytic thrombocytopenia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3317	Thoracolaryngopelvic dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3316	Thomas syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3315	Thiopurine S-methyltransferase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3314	Thiemann disease, familial form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178382	Congenital vertical talus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238536	Congenital secondary polycythemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137871	Laminopathy type Decaudain-Vigouroux
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91396	Isolated cryptophthalmia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91397	Isolated ankyloblepharon filiforme adnatum
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178389	Osteopetrosis - hypogammaglobulinemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3323	Thrombocytopenia - Robin sequence
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3322	Hoyeraal-Hreidarsson syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_50809	Talo-patello-scaphoid osteolysis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309263	Metachromatic leukodystrophy, juvenile form
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3320	Thrombocytopenia - absent radius
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3329	Tibial aplasia - ectrodactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3328	Absent tibia - polydactyly - arachnoid cyst
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3327	Thyrocerebrorenal syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3326	Thymic-renal-anal-lung dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_3324	Familial thrombomodulin anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262211	Partial trisomy/tetrasomy of chromosome 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178355	Smith-McCort dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263543	Generalized peeling skin syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263548	Peeling skin syndrome type A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_275523	Dianzani autoimmune lymphoproliferative disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293355	Methylmalonic acidemia without homocystinuria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178364	Syndromic microphthalmia type 5
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262201	Partial duplication of chromosome 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263534	Acral peeling skin syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_275517	Autoimmune lymphoproliferative syndrome with recurrent viral infections
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309239	Tay-Sachs disease, B1 variant
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309246	GM2-gangliosidosis, AB variant
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90001	X-linked cone dysfunction syndrome with myopia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262206	Partial duplication of chromosome 4
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178330	Heinz body anemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178333	Åland Islands eye disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238569	Autosomal recessive early-onset inflammatory bowel disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178338	UV-sensitive syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293375	Grayson-Wilbrandt corneal dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137834	Frank-Ter Haar syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238578	Familial clubfoot due to 17q23.1q23.2 microduplication
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_280071	ALG11-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178345	Aromatase excess syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137831	X-linked intellectual disability - cerebellar hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91358	Congenital esophageal diverticulum
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90024	Deafness with labyrinthine aplasia, microtia, and microdontia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_293381	Epithelial recurrent erosion dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_91357	Duplication of the esophagus
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90023	Primary immunodeficiency syndrome due to p14 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_364028	X-linked intellectual disability due to GRIA3 anomalies
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90026	Primary erythermalgia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_90025	Syndactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_263516	Progressive myoclonic epilepsy type 3
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238583	Hyperphenylalaninemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268357	Neural tube closure defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_177107	Syndromic hypothyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_141145	Hemifacial hypertrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_141152	Isolated congenital hypoglossia/aglossia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101934	Genetic cardiac rhythm disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_167762	Rare disease with dentinogenesis imperfecta
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_180766	Malformative syndrome with dentinogenesis imperfecta
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268337	Autosomal recessive intermediate Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98853	Autosomal dominant Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137905	Syndromic optic nerve hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98855	Autosomal recessive Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137902	Isolated optic nerve hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86822	Lissencephaly type 3 - metacarpal bone dysplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86823	Lissencephaly with cerebellar hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_141163	Glossopalatine ankylosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166463	Epilepsy syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86820	Familial avascular necrosis of femoral head
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86821	Lissencephaly type 3 - familial fetal akinesia sequence
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98856	Charcot-Marie-Tooth disease type 2B1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137908	Hypotonia with lactic acidemia and hyperammonemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_166466	Neurocutaneous syndrome with epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_137911	Autism - facial port-wine stain
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86819	Atrichia with papular lesions
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96201	X small rings
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98863	X-linked Emery-Dreifuss muscular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86813	Helicoid peripapillary chorioretinal degeneration
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86814	Benign adult familial myoclonic epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86812	Autosomal recessive limb-girdle muscular dystrophy type 2K
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86817	Hemolytic anemia due to adenylate kinase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86818	Alport syndrome - intellectual disability - midface hypoplasia - elliptocytosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86815	Aplasia of lacrimal and salivary glands
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_86816	Congenital analbuminemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268322	Hereditary thrombocytopenia with normal platelets
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98868	Southeast Asian ovalocytosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98869	Congenital dyserythropoietic anemia type I
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238505	Autosomal recessive lymphoproliferative disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268397	Cervicothoracic spina bifida aperta
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101960	Genetic chronic primary adrenal insufficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238510	Lymphoproliferative syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_141118	Nasal encephalocele
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_238517	Hypotonia - cystinuria type 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268384	Thoracolumbosacral spina bifida aperta
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_178400	Distal myopathy with anterior tibial onset
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268388	Lumbosacral spina bifida aperta
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98809	Paroxysmal kinesigenic dyskinesia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101977	Immunodeficiency predominantly affecting antibody production
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268392	Cervical spina bifida aperta
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101972	Combined T and B cell immunodeficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98806	Primary dystonia, DYT6 type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98805	Primary dystonia, DYT4 type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98808	Autosomal dominant dopa-responsive dystonia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98807	Primary dystonia, DYT13 type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98811	Paroxysmal exertion-induced dyskinesia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98810	Paroxysmal non-kinesigenic dyskinesia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268377	Total spina bifida aperta
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309297	Mucopolysaccharidosis type 4A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101940	Rare metabolic liver disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_141127	Congenital tracheal stenosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98813	Hypohidrotic ectodermal dysplasia with immunodeficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98815	Benign childhood occipital epilepsy, Panayiotopoulos type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_167759	Hereditary dentin defect
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_309294	Sialidosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98816	Benign childhood occipital epilepsy, Gastaut type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98819	Familial temporal epilepsy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268369	Spina bifida aperta
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98820	Familial focal epilepsy with variable foci
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268363	Open iniencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_31709	Infantile convulsions and choreoathetosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_268366	Closed iniencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101957	Pituitary deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_101953	Rare dyslipidemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_141136	Hemifacial microsomia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_141132	Oculo-auriculo-vertebral spectrum
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_244305	Dominant hypophosphatemia with nephrolithiasis or osteoporosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_397802	T+ B+ severe combined immunodeficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96263	48,XXXY syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96264	49,XXXXY syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96265	Leydig cell hypoplasia due to complete LH resistance
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96266	Leydig cell hypoplasia due to partial LH resistance
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_244310	RFT1-CDG
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97593	Pseudohypoparathyroidism
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262191	Partial duplication of chromosome 1
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262196	Partial duplication of chromosome 2
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_262182	Partial deletion of the long arm of chromosome 22
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_233655	Rare genetic vascular disease
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98870	Congenital dyserythropoietic anemia type III
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_96210	Rare genetic deafness
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98873	Congenital dyserythropoietic anemia type II
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371212	Congenital disorder of glycosylation with deafness as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2092	Focal dermal hypoplasia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2091	Multinodular goiter - cystic kidney - polydactyly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2090	GMS syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2089	Glycogen storage disease due to hepatic glycogen synthase deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2088	Glycogen storage disease due to GLUT2 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2087	Glomerulonephritis - sparse hair - telangiectasis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2085	Glaucoma - sleep apnea
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2084	Glaucoma - ectopia - microspherophakia - stiff joints - short stature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98879	Hemophilia B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98878	Hemophilia A
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97548	Ivemark syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371200	Congenital disorder of glycosylation with skin involvement
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98881	Familial dysfibrinogenemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98886	Bleeding diathesis due to integrin alpha2-beta1 deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98885	Bleeding diathesis due to glycoprotein VI deficiency
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97555	Sporadic idiopathic steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome with collapsing glomerulopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_97556	Congenital and infantile nephrotic syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98888	X-linked complex spastic paraplegia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98880	Familial afibrinogenemia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2098	Acromesomelic dysplasia, Grebe type
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2097	Grant syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231013	Congenital trigeminal anesthesia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_2095	Gorlin-Chaudhry-Moss syndrome
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371207	Congenital disorder of glycosylation with nephropathy as a major feature
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98889	Bilateral perisylvian polymicrogyria
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98893	Congenital muscular dystrophy type 1B
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98892	Periventricular nodular heterotopia
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98895	Becker muscular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98897	Oculopharyngodistal myopathy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98896	Duchenne muscular dystrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_371235	Congenital disorder of glycosylation with developmental anomaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_98890	Early-onset X-linked optic atrophy
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231040	Familial generalized lentiginosis
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_220386	Semilobar holoprosencephaly
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_231031	Erythema palmaris hereditarium
http://www.orpha.net/ORDO/Orphanet_84271	Sporadic idiopathic steroid-resistant nephrotic syndrome
